It should be.
Also can the teams people hear us?
Yeah, that's much better.
OK, cool. Sorry.
You've been on mute for the last 10
No problems.
minutes. Apologies and cameras.
All working as you're looking at the
right group.
Yeah, it looks looks good.
Yes.
OK, someone tried to just join.
Are you in or do you need me to switch
across? Are you in the meeting? Yeah. OK,
cool.
OK.
So we're going to go through the original
list.
We've managed to get through two so far,
but we're just going to push ahead
without Martin at the moment.
If there's any decisions or actions we
need afterwards should be.
Double check. Yeah,
recording and transcription started by me.
Should be.
Yeah.
Cool. So let's get into it.
Same process as before as the process map,
I pulled the cash collections from.
On the left side is the as is the process.
Based on what I've been provided,
if there's changes or it's been
standardised for whatever reason,
please shout out high level fee
allocation is required.
Cashier is driving the majority of this,
so this is probably one of the processes
where it's in line with cashiering.
And cashier raises it credit control
reviews.
If there's an allocation instruction that
go to the client and then it's a credit
manager for approval and then a cashier
actions, the final allocation,
allocation or rejection is that in line
with what you expect for this process.
Yeah,
has this been broken out with the because
it was 6 processes originally,
wasn't that?
I looked at the six maps.
I'm guessing this has been broken out in
a bit more detail,
so this is based on the process that
thing provided in the cache collection
term.
Is that safe to say that's amalgamated?
The other process there was 8 maps,
OK got you. It's multiple maps,
wasn't there across some of the way?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. OK, cool.
So this is for sorry,
I just dropped my stuff.
This is for cash collection.
Payment comes in.
Don't know what it's for.
We get the allocation. Yeah. OK, cool.
Sorry,
I'm just sharing the link to Martin so
you should be joining remotely, all right.
It was getting a couple minutes and then
going through it.
So first question is does that align with
what you'd expect from cache collection?
So cashier's lost credit control and they
don't know what the allocation is,
what it is.
We tell them cash or credit.
I'll tell cashiers what the occasion is.
If we don't know.
Umm.
There it goes to something else,
and this is where it's a split between UK
and Australia.
So do you want to do keep the processes
separate or do you want to have an
overarching process and then you?
Do I?
A sub process that's different for.
Yes,
probably you've got and I would say we
are. This is because this is regulated.
There are no however much I would like to
standardise. If we can't,
we're just we are,
we are governed by SRA rules, yeah.
Can we?
Is the ultimate closure of this is that
standard across as in the actors are.
Are they completely different?
The actors are the same,
but the actions and process and handoffs
are different. OK, let's.
Should we do Australia first?
I'm assuming the difference between
Australia and the rest of the world.
Australia is a lot more complicated. Yeah,
OK, typical Australians.
The UK is a lot simpler,
so I don't even want to start the simple.
Why don't you just start with the hard
one? Let's do the hard one first, OK?
Go take me through, yeah.
And please try in and you I'll get it
wrong.
A payment comes into the account.
Cashiers will contact credit control to
say we have payment X from so and so
whatever they have and credit control
will try to apply that payment.
If they can apply that payment.
If they know what it goes against,
they will respond to cashiers.
Right. Job done. Cash is posted.
We're all good.
If they can allocate part of that payment.
They will allocate part of that payment.
Anna, This is why I'm asking you.
Does it go straight to suspense or does
it go on allocated first the full like
this?
Process would be triggered by items that
cannot be allocated.
So technically this and the unallocated
items are almost one and the same. Yeah,
because anything of the bank statement
that cashiers can't allocate.
Goes on the unallocated list and it could
be we have no ribbons advice.
We can't identify who this belongs to or
it's a partial payment with an invoice
reversed or overpayment.
What do you want to do with it? That's.
Basically,
where do you post a receipt onto an
allocated straight away?
Or do you wait for do you e-mail the team
first during the day and say do you know
what it is and you wait for a response?
Would you just say straight to an
allocated it has to go?
Yeah e-mail and post to Unallocate have
to happen at the same time OK.
Otherwise,
it could be just duplicates like your
team could e-mail back, but yeah,
we've got to post them both at the same
time. OK, so so quick question.
Is the unallocated accounts what you're
talking about now or is it unallocated
payment? Yeah. Are they one of the same?
Basically pretty much there is no reason
for cashiers to.
To contact credit control about payments,
unless it can't be,
unless they don't know where to post it
to.
So cashiers have the remittance inbox
that they'll refer to.
There'll be references to invoices in on
the bank statement.
And then we've also got a report that we
can run.
That we can confirm basically that we
think that this payment is there for.
So once we've exhausted all of those
options and there's still a list of 561
payment that we can't allocate,
we don't know what it is,
that's when it becomes unallocated and it
goes to credit control. So this pro.
What we're saying that the cache cache is
identify fees requiring allocation,
that essentially is what our unallocated
process starts off as, OK.
So is it essentially 2 separate processes,
but it's driven by the same trigger?
If you want to call it that, I guess so,
yeah.
OK. Is it the easiest way to do this?
Just go through each one individually and
I guess another question is,
how many regions do we have to account
for? We've got Australia,
we've got the rest of the world.
Is that in one bucket or it does OK?
I want to say that who does European and
Middle East patricism.
Done in the office,
done in the local offices so it's not
controlled by alsford governments.
Thank you.
OK, yeah.
Everything else it's done by Testy's team.
PNG's done locally. Asia's done locally.
I think a lot of Asia comes out of Hong
Kong. OK,
so we're only looking at Australia.
Glasgow covers Luxemburg, New York,
Dublin and Brussels as well.
Voice from above.
Yeah.
They all on the same process, Martin.
They're all triggered the same way as
what we would do in the UK or Australia,
but not all of these offices have got
client accounts, sort of. Again,
look at their own.
Kind of sub processes depending on what's
happening with the funds,
we can move from their client account,
for example,
Yeah.
because they don't have client accounts.
So how we deal with them or just it
Yeah.
depends.
The volumes are very very low compared to
UK and Australia, so it tends to be that.
But either applying the funds to invoices
or they get rejected back to the sender
and we don't really have many other
scenarios.
Most of the time there's there's not as
many issues as there is when there was a
cancelled and duplicate paid or whatever
in the UK.
So there'll be 3 processes.
Then you've got Australia process,
which involves suspense and allocated.
You've got the UK process,
which is governed by your SRA rules.
Your 48 hour bounce back.
I think it is Stephen and Martin correct
if I'm wrong.
And then you'll have the rest of the
other offices that Martin mentioned,
New York, Dublin and their rosic Brussels.
It will have a more simplified version of
the process.
Do we have any reference to that
individual processes based on these
regions?
Don't, because it don't do you.
Is that documented anywhere Mark?
Does that cover your any of your process
maps?
Do you know specific processes for New
And.
York and Co?
I would imagine so,
but I'm not going to say that with any
OK.
degree of confidence,
but I think we do have maps for
OK.
everything.
I would just need to double check if
there's specifics for New York, etcetera.
And.
In regards to cache collections,
I'm just looking at the processes that I
have access to and I can see that we've
got a map for UKUSA and Luxembourg. OK.
This is credit control.
I can check an outlet.
The other, obviously the sound of it,
are very simple. The payments come in,
they don't know when it's allocated,
it goes to credit control to ask them if
they don't know it gets rejected back.
If they do, it gets allocated.
Sounds as if that's it.
That's not missing anything. Martin.
Is it safe to say that's probably in line
with yours? For the most part?
Without going into the kind of obviously
Austria to have more nuances,
or have I missed that nuances,
I'm trying to identify where we can kind
of start structuring and capturing those
processes.
That process is potentially the same for
every single region. It could happen.
You could get a payment in you don't know
what it's for,
it gets returned to the client.
That's potentially a route for every
region.
There are just other options in certain
other countries,
so the other regions that's their only
option.
That's one of two options in the UK and
that's one of three options in Australia,
yeah.
So just to confirm,
Australia has part allocate Spence and
transfer and Refund UK has just allocate
and reject.
Trying to understand the decision plus.
No, that's that's that's not correct.
In the UK,
we can also transfer money from the
office account to the client account if
we don't know what the funds are for or
if we have to part allocate.
We would rather than put it into a
suspense account that like they do in
Australia,
we would move it to the client account
and allocate it to.
The specific matter that it relates to.
So not sure how best to do this.
Then we can do it from a general
perspective and then do routing based on
region potentially and decision paths
based on region.
It will be difficult to kind of account
for every scenario and if it is a case of
this certain scenarios where it's very
rare occurrence or one in every hundred.
But I think you know again this is for
you to input.
It would be slightly more difficult if we
want to account for that,
we can do the 80% scenarios and then have
as part of the process as a part of the
documentation accounting for the more
nuanced or the regional variances.
I think the, sadly the regional,
certainly Australia are more common than
you think,
but they're they're all options are quite
they happen a lot so.
I wonder if we're better just getting to
one region at a time maybe and just going
to the options for that region,
would that be? Yeah, let's do that 'cause.
I think otherwise,
we're gonna end up going from one
divergent to the other.
And we know I'm just trying to think if
it's worth trying to capture all of those
different variances rather than having a
standard model that you can then.
Action as you need to once it's based in
this particular region,
you know once it's assigned to a certain
team and they can actually how they need
to rather than trying to.
Build and just to understand is that high
frequency is a high volume that you're
likely to get through as well.
Yeah, 'cause,
then we we potentially have lots of
different variances that we need to kind
of account for as well. Yeah, 'cause,
if you think that's how many receipts we
get into each bank account for each
country each day.
Now obviously not every receipt is going
to be unknown,
but you potentially you know.
But then for example,
you can have a very long list of unknown
payments. So it varies, yeah.
Yeah. OK, then let's do region by region.
Cool. Let's start with Australia.
How do we document this as we go through?
I'm just going to make notes and then
afterwards we have the recording and then
we can follow up.
We'll send you the user cases.
If there's any questions,
we'll just follow up on anything. OK,
cool how it comes in.
Into Australia,
we know what it's going to be allocated
against the credit control team will tell
the cashiers what to allocate it against.
Job done for good.
Sorry, I've missed a step. No, that's OK.
So received payment.
Cashiers can either receipt based off the
information reports that we have or they
can't receipt.
And then that becomes an unallocated
report sent to credit control.
So credit control will get that list of
unknown unallocated payments and they
will either know what those payments are
for which case they will let cashiers
know and say, yeah,
this is what it's paying.
Then cashiers will apply it and that's
that's all good. Proceeded closed.
Where they don't know what it's paying.
This is where there is further
investigation.
That investigation may involve phoning up
a client and asking what the payments for
it may involve going out to a partner or
PE.
To ask a question by what else do we do?
We might ask cashiers For more
information.
Do you have any other information from
the bank?
Anything else that you think might help?
They also missing.
It might just be that an invoice has been
reversed and nothing's been issued
reissued.
Sometimes it's conversation with partners,
sometimes it's not. Yeah,
it could be a payments receipt for 100,
000 to for two invoices.
One of the invoices has already been paid
before, so we can't apply all the payment.
It's quite a few reasons.
It's really support, but I think, yeah,
let's check.
Do you do you need to report those types
of types of I'll just call it kind of
investigations or.
Yes, we should.
We should keep an audit of what is
allocated to what based on the feedback
that we've given, yes, we should,
it's probably more relevant in Australia
for suspense. Unallocated accounts, yeah.
Because we are audited on those accounts
to make sure that we are doing our due
diligence and making sure we are not just
using them and dumping accounts. Yeah,
like a it can could also be helpful to
add some more substance to our reverse
invoices reports that you're doing Chris
because.
Right now,
we're not really capturing how many of
our reversed invoices we're receiving
payment for as well that we're having to
deal with.
Because that if we're receiving payment
from a client for an invoice that's been
reversed,
it means that the PS and partners are
missing a step and not sending a credit
note onto the client.
Or they're sending a credit note onto the
client who's not giving that onto their
AP team.
There's a breakdown in communications
somewhere on the along those lines.
That means that the client is just
wasting their time,
basically double paying.
Are these?
Processes specifically related to this or
these processes that kind of sit adjacent
that we need to improve on.
They sit adjacent,
they don't sit within our process. So OK,
just for this it's it's a good point,
but just for the sake of because it's
already a quite complex different regions.
If if we just put this as a parking lot
and we can pick it up.
Call you later? Yeah, you got that? Yeah.
Cool. Thank you. So,
back to the easy Australia process.
Do you wanna continue to do? Yeah,
that's the easy one. This is the.
This is the slightly more difficult one.
So we've got a payment in,
we know what half of it is.
We don't know what the other half of it
is. It's month end.
I want that cash in the bank.
So we will post half the receipt against
the invoice that we know and we will
leave half the receipt in the suspense
account.
And suspense account will sit there and
the credit the Australian credit control
team will get that item assigned to them
in suspense account.
So it's like 6 in an Excel spreadsheet
and it will be their responsibility to
follow up on that try and identify where
it goes.
That following up could be anything from
contacting a client, contacting APE,
contacting a partner,
whatever it would be any sort of
investigation that needs to be done.
If they can't work out where the money or
where their remaining balance is to be
posted,
then they need to contact the client and
say we need to return this amount to you.
And that will then trigger the refund
process, which is another, yeah.
I'll turn it, move it into trust.
However, we have a small window,
a window about two weeks maybe pushing it
at 3:00 to move that money from suspense
into the trust account just based on our
audit requirements.
Because if we leave it,
if we've got the balance sitting on
suspense for four months and then we move
it into.
The trust accounts in order to see that
that's too long.
And then that money has isn't wasn't
actually received as funds in advance.
So we've got that nuance it.
The UK Martin correct if I'm wrong,
the UK have the option.
Well generally would prefer to move money
from their unallocated directly into
their client accounts as soon as possible.
One well mostly because of SRA,
but second because they have.
Because the regulations they have the
ability to just confirm with the client
they are allocating that those funds to
the next invoice that can be raised or
can be billed Australia require client
authorization to do so.
So we can't move money in and out of
trust our trust accounts as freely as we
would like to.
I should say it's probably less common in
Australia to get money for bills into
trust as well.
It happens quite a lot in the UK.
It doesn't as much in Australia does
happen, just not very often.
The suspense is client money,
but not in trust.
Are we saying the trigger for that as
well?
We need to have explicit instruction from
the client in order to move from suspense
to trust? Yes,
because then they have to give the
explicit instruction to move to lift that
money out of trust towards something.
Mm-hmm.
But if they move it to if we move it to
trust, it has to be.
Within,
within a certain window of time otherwise,
but from the auditor's perspective,
it's not seen as money received in
advance of legal fees,
and then we get breached.
OK,
so this seems to kick off a lot of the
other processes that I've documented.
I just wanna double check that. Yeah,
the other so.
If we take a step back,
this is essentially your kick off process
for your sub processes.
Do we want to map out each different
scenario or would it be easier to map out
what picks off these processes and then
once we get into these individual then we
raise the nuances that might be slightly
easier.
Otherwise we're doing this whole process
to this extent.
Yeah. Yeah.
So if we just focus what kicks off cache
collection,
what kicks off unallocated and then
segment it like that?
Just if we can go with that logic,
if we can just do unallocated account and
double check that does align with what
you've just discussed in terms of the
four scenarios.
From the sound of things,
this does get to the granularity that you
need,
so I just want to see if that does align.
So this is I think based on the e-mail,
you also confirmed this is purely for
Australia. Yeah, cool.
So we'll we'll jump back to the previous
one,
but I just want to make sure that this
does align so that way we can fragment
the processes and it'll be a bit easier
then.
On a larger scale,
so bank receive can't be matched to an
invoice.
Your handoffs are cashier unidentifiers
identifies the unallocated payment,
credit control reviews payment provides
allocation information, partner approval,
and then cashier finishes.
In terms of your decision making,
the four that we just highlighted now,
so you've got your full parts return and
transfer.
And does this align with what you were
just describing? OK.
So in terms of kind of workflows?
I'd imagine,
and this is solutionizing a little bit
what we just described at the beginning
would then kick off one of these and then
we'd route it down the path of, OK,
it's been approved.
So you'd have a slightly smaller workflow
and then it would kick off the big
transfer move to suspense full for cash
allocation end to end.
This will be simpler to kind of break
that up within the system.
Does that mean depending on what type of
allocation comes back? Mm-hmm,
we would be creating a little subtask
underneath.
We could potentially also also create
that based on the selection.
So you can create a subtask.
So say a transfer I know is its own
process. So transfer to client.
You selected that that's the end decision.
It creates a subtask you allocated to
your specific issue that needs to do the
action. Mm-hmm.
And then you create their task,
and then they need to follow up and then
close the ticket. I mean,
there's something like client refund
where you could.
And sub task assign it to your credit
controllers.
They could provide that documentation
back and approval from you back to
cashiers and then that's an action for us
to then process that payment.
So we say we're going to put all this in
service, don't we?
I think so. I think that we need to,
I think that would help the workflows a
lot 'cause they get lost in sharewell
really easily, OK.
So there's sorry,
I just don't know if I'm missing a little
bit.
So there's all the money always comes
into Cash, Eden,
and then it only comes to credit control
when it's unallocated.
That's the first part.
So that's definitely just tasked between
you guys then, yeah.
Yeah.
And depending on.
Where you are in the world and what
you're going to do with that money will
depend on the next action. Yeah. Sorry.
Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense to me.
I just wondered if I was totally
oversimplified. Isn't that simple? Yeah.
No, it's. Yeah.
It's the bit after that gets really
complicated trying to work out what's in
what country.
The receding trigger for cashiers is the
bank statement on a daily basis,
which is why we had didn't include it
last week because there's no trigger for
us,
the trigger is to credit control to
action stuff that we can't do.
So what process is it in cashier in that
would then?
Kick off this if that makes sense,
so you'll get money. And what?
What process is it that sits in cash?
You cash receipts and then if it's
allocated and you know what's happening,
you just process that money.
It then only trips over to credit control
when we don't know. Yeah.
Yeah. OK.
So it's cash receipt and Isabella from
it's cash receipting process and the cash
earning team,
that's the one we need to be looking at,
yeah or off the off.
The account receipts will be under of
this account receipts, yeah.
Or partnership account,
I don't know whatever you're,
I mean anything that says receipts is
relevant.
This is also probably one of those assets
with Deborah and Josh.
So I'd need to align it with the process.
So this is the whole intent part. Yeah.
Yeah.
So it makes it difficult to kind of fully
create it without their input.
So that's why I'm trying to understand
your specific to be fair in our cashier's
workshop last week,
we did not have the office receipting.
As an item on service like on our
ServiceNow work stop because there's the
workflow like there's no trigger for us.
There's no requests that come in.
There's nothing for us to actually kind
of click action.
We're going off bank statements and
remain devices. Yeah.
So we kind of we mentioned it,
but that's we kind of moved that this
process to credit control because I've
said the only action that needs to happen.
Comes from any payments that we can't
allocate,
which means that we become the requester.
Yeah. To credit control. Yeah.
Credit control to then do their action to
follow up. Investigate.
Send instructions back to us. OK.
I would say there's a a large percentage,
excuse me,
a large percentage of the seats we do get,
we don't have to go to credit control for
because we do get remittance advices and
stuff like that. So it's just.
I've seen a bit 20% of what receipts come
in for the UK.
Yeah.
We are reaching out to credit control for
other systems.
Yeah. Yeah. Outside. Yeah,
that's probably under 27. Global,
actually. Yeah. Yeah. So you're saying,
Anna, that if you've got an unallocated,
you would go into the portal,
you would raise this or you'd raise it on
the back end. Either way,
you'd be raising it.
To credit control, yes, correct. OK,
so it's not a task coming off another
process that you're running. No,
it's a new one. OK. So right, kick it off.
Yeah,
right now if we're thinking about our
current as is process,
there's no tickets that come across shell.
There's nothing in shell.
Well for us for this the.
If credit control were in Sharewell as
well,
their ticket would be received by
cashiers because we would send an e-mail
to say we've received 100 ticket,
100 transactions and these six need
allocating here and that's what would
create a ticket in sharewell for either
team, yeah.
Martin,
is that the same for you in Glasgow?
Do you not run your receipt process
through sharewell just now?
We we would just send an e-mail from
Shellville Joe.
We would just create a ticket ourselves,
yeah.
Yeah.
And that's how you would characterise
which is the same thing we're going to do
here. Basically,
you'll do your work that you need to do
in receipts,
and then you're basically just creating a
task to come to you guys. Yeah.
So it would rather would do that instead
of sending you an e-mail. Can I just ask?
This might be a secret.
When you when these requests come in,
so at the moment you, Stephen,
when you get a list of an allocated
payments,
just get listed like 10 of them say off
you go. Yeah. So we get.
So you would just raise one request would
you?
Now the problem being is that those 10
requests might sit with 10 different
credit controllers. So what do you do?
Do you then just split out all those
tasks to write credit controller?
How does that work? Just.
What happens if the credit controller is?
Well,
not by the scene as as one of their
accounts they've seen every day so that
they get ownership all.
So there's one person update,
master report anyone type.
So they'd have intended to open the same
document as one person.
Just probably 1 senior in Australia
doesn't work to do so.
I mean you could align it with your rotor
that you have of your team going through
that unallocated suspense anyway. Yeah.
So you have a rotor and then you recite
it out.
If you've got multiple items in one
ticket and you need to if you have a
request that comes.
In and it's got multiple items in that
request,
but it looks as though it's just one to
someone.
Can you then split those out into sub?
Requests doesn't make sense like so
you've got 10 receipts, for example. OK.
And I know that there's ten different
credit controllers.
Each one were responsible for those
receipts of finding out the equation,
and they might root separately.
There might be a different tasks to do
with everyone. How does that work?
So that request comes in for 10 of them.
Comes into the credit control.
So are we saying we give on the front end
form?
Are you saying we'd have a line item for
each one? Well,
I'm saying what you're saying is an
attachment. Yeah. Invoice.
I think we're just checking to see if
cashiers would create one task with.
All unallocated items,
and if that's the case,
then how would that look for credit
control when they have to split the
separate transactions out amongst
multiple?
I think if you could controllers by line
item you could create let's say 10 tasks
and they can be individually assigned.
Within the press itself,
do you do it just now?
So you had an e-mail with a spreadsheet
on it, I guess. Yeah.
You got one e-mail with it,
spreadsheet on it and everything's on it.
And then what happens to that spreadsheet
when it comes into your team?
Does that go to one person and they work
through them? Yes. OK.
So it's just the same thing then.
Yeah, unless I'm misunderstanding. No.
But it's how do you divvy up a task?
Because in an e-mail you could just send
around the e-mail to everyone and
everyone picks up their own.
But if you've got a task, how do you?
So what do you think about those tasks?
Because you'll do it by e-mail when you
do those tasks now,
so you can send a separate e-mail.
You don't need to do it off.
Whereas if you have a task,
how does that work?
Because you're going to have potentially
some of them,
you're going to refund something,
you're going to allocate some of them,
you're going to suspense.
How do you divvy up that one task unless
there's only one request comes up?
So you have one request per one
transaction. So that's your workflow,
is it not? Right. So we're.
I don't know about two different things
here. We're talking about how it comes in.
So it's one request from cashiers to
creative control. 10 items. Yeah,
with 10 items in a list on it.
What we're then talking about is how,
if not all of those 10 items have the
same solution.
How do we split those?
Is that what we're talking about? Yeah.
How do you, how do you assign that?
People. Yeah.
How do you assign it to a different
credit controller when you might have 3
transactions relating to one person,
two transactions to another person,
and then the rest of the five,
five different credit controllers?
And why are they not setting the same
credit controller?
Or what is it that drives that?
Is it client?
Any of your clients are Steven,
for example, Joseph,
Goldman Sachs or any Goldman Sachs? Yeah.
OK, that makes sense. Yeah.
So I don't know the answer,
but I understand what the challenge is.
Almost in my head,
it feels like there has to be a table
Yeah. So what we're.
that we complete in the cashier team and
it's like, what's the amount?
It's like a matrix, yeah.
Who's it came from? What's the reference?
And that's one entry.
And then we get the choice to then like
an add button to say that we've got a
second one and maybe each line can then
go off to see some individual credit
controller.
And they respond with further action that
needs to to happen after that.
And it maybe just splits one request into
multiple requests because we're adding a
line for each one.
So would you currently send an e-mail
with multiple clients on?
Is it a spreadsheet though?
Or is it a so are you manually typing
that information into the e-mail?
In Australia we have a a shared doc
spreadsheet. Mm-hmm.
When there are unallocated items, we copy.
All that information into the unallocated
spreadsheet that credit control have
access to as well. And then we copy.
We also do a copy of those transactions
into an e-mail.
So the e-mail goes out to credit all the
individual credit controllers that these
are our unallocated transactions.
It's in a table in the e-mail underneath.
Investigate further.
Add notes specifically against that
transaction line that they're responsible
for,
and then we've got an A column that's an
action item,
so it could be that a refund has to go
back allocations here still awaiting
information.
So so these are both working out
centralised spreadsheet then even though
you put it in the e-mail with the list,
that's not actually what they're using.
They're using the underlying spreadsheet,
yeah.
And then they're allocating that to
individuals,
but different different from the UK. OK,
that's Australia only though.
Generating that spreadsheet from three a
from bank statement from from bank
statement from the bank statement.
So there won't be a lens equation,
so there's no.
So the only information that is in three
A is the receipts once they've been
posted.
This is like we don't have.
Anything that we can post the unallocated
items two and three a because then they
can't be allocated yet.
So the only place they might show up in
3A or sorry they will show up in 3 E is
on our bank reconciliations,
but that pops up end of day or.
In Australia,
that would be the the following day. OK,
so bank statements,
how do they come in export directly out
of the bank. OK.
So the team log into the bank every day,
download the bank statements from there
and you work off that because CSV or
something like that,
is it that you get for us,
None.
that's our source of truth.
And then we have to have 3 E to match.
Oh.
Oh, sorry. OK,
I'm thinking rather than manually making
these requests,
we could potentially use that feed from
the bank. But again,
I think that's phase two or three. Four,
no,
we is there not just a way that we can
still use the spreadsheet.
Oh yeah, could we load our blanket?
Could we load a spreadsheet into service
now?
That would create all the tasks for us,
so digitization similar to what we're
doing for the whip. Yeah,
we can look into it.
And my question is with bank statement
stuff,
I have no idea how easy it is gonna be.
But with bank statement stuff,
is that not something you wanna keep?
As in you wanna feed that data into
ServiceNow? Yeah. So if we OK,
I mean it would just be it's just a
spreadsheet at the end of the day,
it doesn't have a lot of client sensitive
information outside of names on a bank
statement.
And.
And all we would do is just create a
separate spreadsheet or like another tab
or something and it would just have the
five items that we can't allocate and we
could just then load that in because it's
going to have a date.
Credit amount description you get part of
the payments coming into the office again?
Nope, nothing at all? No,
because it I'd only.
I'd only be doing credit.
We'd only be doing credits. So any,
any debit code account number? No, no.
Is there sort codes,
account numbers or anything like that? No,
no. Because I mean sometimes.
There are, but from bounce back payments,
so it's a closed account number anyway,
but we can always like a lot of those
bounce back payments are generally
accounts payable related because it could
be the staff member hasn't told us that
they've updated their bank details for
reimbursement or a.
AP Supplier has been input incorrectly or
something,
so we can always keep them separate and
when it comes into credit control in
Yeah.
terms of allocating to each credit
controller, is that always just on client?
Is that the decision that allocates that
work out to the credit?
The controllers. Yeah. OK.
When you say, like some food.
Or someone can be.
So it could be a client,
it could be a ratter,
it could be just a random reference
number. It could go to anyone of the team.
It will depend on what it is.
It might go to someone if it's a certain
partner for example go to someone.
But if it's just like a generic,
don't know,
then it'll be whoever is responsible for
the the rota.
On that day we'll have to do all the hard
work. Basically do have a rota as well.
Yeah, right. Yeah.
Because we did talk about rotors and how
we can use them in the back end.
Last week, didn't we? Yeah,
for allocating. Yeah, definitely. I think,
Chris,
do you do your at the moment you all
brought up assistance in allocators a
month monthly basis?
Don't only does it just. Yeah,
there is one. I don't know what,
how it works,
but it's the each one of the.
Team,
I think takes a week and they just pass
it around. Oh yeah, I'm not 100% sure.
Anyway, it works. The router. Yeah. Yeah.
So we'd need to understand the router.
We'd need to understand the structure of
the bank report you're currently getting.
At the moment we also get to understand
how often it gets refreshed.
If there's any changes being made,
what happens?
What should be kind of the if there's a
logic or validation in the system,
that kind of stuff would be good to know.
Yep, in terms of the e-mail situation,
I don't see an easy way to just circulate
that to everyone and they just pick off
what they need.
We can potentially create subtasks on a
ticket and assign people to.
Specific subtasks,
but even then there needs to be a way of
someone taking that ownership,
so it needs to manually we we can create
assignment groups in the system,
but again,
someone needs to actually go in and say
this is mine.
This is mine and I think it's not as easy
as the outlook is currently.
It's more centralised.
You have more control,
but will they actually use it in
comparison to an e-mail?
Just pinging out to the 50 people and
then they come back saying yeah,
this is mine, this is mine.
That's that's the big yeah at the moment.
Are you saying that the easier way for
credit control to be able to delegate out
the tasks is dependent on how cash is and
input that?
Information for them, I mean,
and what we don't obviously want to be
building in your process is duplication
of, yeah,
annual input so that we can then split it
at the other end. On average,
we'd probably have 10 or less for
Australia anyway,
10 or less unallocated transactions in a
day.
So if we can make the form as like quick
and easy to complete as possible for
cashiers for credit control to then be
able to use their dashboards and
allocations to.
The best that they want to be able to use
them then we're probably better off
looking at what that front end looks like,
what the submission of the data is,
because not all of the unallocated items
are for credit control as well.
So that information wouldn't be going
into ServiceNow for credit control.
We would take that off.
One because it's either for accounts
payable or it's for payroll.
And obviously payroll,
we wouldn't be putting in there in
ServiceNow anyway,
if we are looking at that banking file as
it,
we would only want to take in the minimum
amount of details.
It's actually useful to you.
So stuff like bank account details,
if you don't need it, we should not be.
It's not, it's not in there.
So all we get all of our exports from the
bank is transaction date.
Credit credit amount like credit value
narrowed it like the description.
That's all that comes up on the bank
statement.
And then there might be another reference
that pops up, but that's it.
Like that is the bad that's.
And is that enough to make decisions on
in terms of routing or even if there is a
route,
is it just a because if it's just a rugby
path straight across?
Yeah, I mean question there.
So that is hospital cost, yeah.
We would also need to be able to put down
details of what office the money can run
to in the UK because obviously we do look
after the different offices,
so we need to be able to see if it was
auk receipt or a Luxembourg receipt and
what currency it was as well because we
deal with multiple currencies.
Yeah, we've got currency accounts too,
but also what I expect of my team is to
provide any additional information where
there might be a remittance that has an
invoice on it that's been already been
paid or reversed like any reason.
That cashiers have that they cannot
allocate.
I expect them to pass that information on
to credit control as well to help the
investigation.
So additional fields to include that
would be helpful.
Is it worth just taking a step back?
And I'm aware there's a lot of kind of
nuance and a lot of trigger points and a
lot of touch points.
For these, in particular, phase one,
if if we're assuming phase two,
there might be integrations,
it might be worth for now simplifying
what we're trying to resolve in the
system.
So we're not trying to resolve everyone.
We're trying to focus on cashiering and
credit control or maybe simplifying it to
the decision points and the outcome and
everything that comes before stays as is.
And then we focus a bit more on it once
we have some data and integrations
because as it stands,
I think it'll be quite difficult to
include all of these nuances and all of
this data and all of these reporting
without a system feeding this information,
just food to thought. Marwan,
am I I just don't know that we'll get an
integration on this particular one
because the information.
Information comes from the bank account.
Yeah.
And like the actual external bank
accounts for the balances on their banks
and stuff.
So integration isn't going to be a
solution here.
I think what we're aiming to do here is
remove the e-mail traffic and find a easy
way.
To pass the list of unallocated funds
that we have to credit control but allow
them to do that in a way that that might
not all get dealt with by one person.
So how we can split that up and if that
means that so see when you get your bank
statements in from your bank accounts?
You're then taking that information and
and putting it into the spreadsheet.
Or is it doing it?
Is it is that part of the report?
The spreadsheet?
That's how we do it in the UK.
We just take what information we need
from the bank statement and then put it
into a spreadsheet and share with credit
control.
So is it not a case then that if you're
still doing that manual step,
that manual step just goes into the form
and ServiceNow rather than on the
spreadsheet? So actually,
as an individual one that comes through
and then that gives you the flexibility
as they come through to allocate them.
I think we can potentially auto allocate
some of them if we have rules around what
that is over the assumption we're
digitising.
The reports are into service now,
so we're not even using the spreadsheet.
Actually what Martin's just saying there
is he takes the money from a bank
statement, the information.
And tapes and a spreadsheet.
So instead of typing a spreadsheet type
into ServiceNow, yeah,
I think we discussed.
We started touching on that for the
suspense account in Australia last week
Yeah.
where I think our our ideal like the.
Best way forward would to be would be to
house all of the information for the
suspense account in service now so that
we didn't have this annoying clunky
spreadsheet that we currently run off so
we can do the same for unallocated where
we can track everything that is.
Noted all part of our unallocated bucket
through ServiceNow,
that'd be ideal because then we're not
having to keep moving in between two, OK.
Yeah.
And I know this doesn't touch and credit
controls process. I would say in the UK,
99% of the money we receive into account
is for credit control.
But we do have money that arrives for
lots of different departments as well
could be.
Yeah.
Ask people or the accounting reporting
team of payroll so we almost need a way
to pick which team we want to send these
requests off to,
or which individual person we want to
send these requests off to,
rather than it just all going to credit
control.
Yeah,
we can set up teams to and I think that's
something. Yeah. Yeah,
that you can control on your build side,
Martin, if that makes sense.
So we don't just auto allocate everything
that comes in on that process that kicks
that off.
You have the autonomy to be able to see
actually these 15 are going to credit
Yeah.
control list fives going to people or
whatever.
But we just understand what the workflow
is for that.
When we're transferring that over to each
of the teams.
Presumably if we will have assignment
groups that are linked. So for example,
UK cashiers will link up with UK credit
control team, Australia cashiers,
Australia cashier.
So if I'm in the UK,
I'm in UK cashiers and Mart and I'm
sending a an individual request per line
item over to Stephen's team.
Do I just say it's the whole assignment
group,
then someone picks it up and then I go
and do it or do?
Do you just go into something?
Doesn't go into like one person's little
tablet thing. Whatever it is, box.
And then yeah, they are signing out.
So that depends how we set up the
assignment groups.
Am I right in saying we can set
assignment groups upon process.
So you can set up assignment groups where
you have multiple owners if you want to
call them that. And they can go.
And so you can have 10 people.
That are managing ServiceNow tickets so
they can go in and each of them can pick
up their own tickets.
That's that's functionality.
The reason we have a schedule,
this UK do it.
Australia had to do it as well.
We had to have rotors because what
happened is cashier's to send around the
emails and they want to twiddle their
thumbs and they want to take any
ownership because they want to do the
hard work so.
Saying if we could send to an assignment
group, yeah, and then you pick it up,
then you're responsible for it.
That's on you. It's with you.
You could see it's with you.
It's got your. It's on your little list.
Yeah. And ultimately,
what we want to do is get to a level of
auto assign in. So when it comes in,
the system recognises where that needs to
go. So if that's a group or an individual,
that can be.
This. Yeah, could be.
Hopefully it's not too complicated,
but again,
so actually from an Australian
perspective, when we've got a task well,
an unallocated item that becomes a
suspense item.
So if you're moving money from
unallocated to suspense,
it means that we can partially allocate
the funds to to invoices or an invoice,
and then the remaining balance of that
amount that we received has to go then to
suspense.
And umm.
That would it be possible to then have
that workflow move from an unallocated
state to adjust the amount and move it
across to that suspense state.
So just to carry out ServiceNow is not a
bank functionality, it's we can but.
You'd have to 1st digitise some form of
source of truth or a table or something,
but we could then empower it.
Feel free to jump in.
We can then use decisions,
or we can use certain fields so it can be
as simple as a drop down.
You click status change from allocate to
part, allocate, update this field.
What's the change been made?
What's the reason? So we?
Have all the functionality and the agent
workspace,
but if you want Agent Workspaces just
like the back end.
But if you want it to the extent of it's
showing you the numbers it's showing you
what's changed.
It's showing you minus from this amount.
On this line we would need to have some
form of centralization,
Yeah.
so you're basically creating a mini
report or a mini dashboard.
And it could be the digitization of your
bank statements or unallocated accounts,
but something needs to sit in the system
to make this solution effective if that
makes sense. Yeah,
I guess it sounds like there's 22 parts
to it because even if we just had the,
as you said, mom and the task.
It moves 'cause I think essentially
that's what I'm what what we're looking
at is what we're being able to move the
task along the workflows because
essentially the money starts as a receipt
and then it becomes an unallocated and
then it becomes a suspense item and then
it becomes.
Client refund, whatever.
So that task if we can have a way to move
that task rather than the money,
the task as a workflow through those
items so that we can still have it
sitting with a responsible owner and move
Yeah.
it along that way,
which is what I think would happen, right?
So it comes in to you as a receipt you go
oh, this is unallocated.
Credit control. Credit control go.
We still can't allocate this,
so I'm assuming you send that back and
that's when it then goes to suspense.
That's an action you take from a cashier
perspective.
So you're just moving that to action.
Yeah, I think just wanting to understand.
Yeah.
So I'm I'm going to jump ahead to the
proposed solution because I think it is
in line with that and we can use it.
Quote Cliff.
Marvin, just a just a point there, right?
I mean there are two I wanted to pick up
on the previous point around the data we
hold in service some and also we hope we
manage that data.
So this particular coming on to this
particular task allocation and task
moving forward with states,
I think that's OK.
But as you said rightly,
Marvin ServiceNow is not a financial data
management platform, right?
We can we take it as a task based
approach,
but as soon as it comes to holding data
or changing values,
we have to look at at at a deeper level
just to make sure we are meeting
compliance,
compliance and security guidelines and
also understand.
And if you want to change numbers who has
that authority to change?
Change the numbers and where does it go?
Because service can't be the source of
truth for any of the numbers.
If you if you ask me because it should
So what?
Sorry.
all be coming from your financial finance
platforms,
So it's her character.
3 slash etcetera or your billing systems.
Yeah, yeah.
That's the that's the point I want to
make,
but let's not make ServiceNow data change
platform,
Yeah.
but we can drive the controls around that
through the platform, if that makes sense.
So just just something that, Eric,
it's it's not we're not driving the
change in service now as I understand it,
it's just if there's a way we could house
some of the other system data or the
current spreadsheets minus any
confidential information. So it would be.
But that's yeah, absolutely fine.
We can we can review that in line with
A basic report with a couple. Yeah,
that's that's the. Yeah.
So that that would be the objective.
So they could have a centralised area
security guidelines as well, yeah.
instead of going to their current
spreadsheets,
they just export from whatever system
they need to and we'll give them a format
OK.
where they can import it and house again
compliant non sensitive data in the
Yeah, yeah.
service now.
But to potentially kick off triggers and
to have that visibility if they want to
Yeah, got it. Got it. Just a question,
just a question on that. Is there any,
make changes, is that correct?
any obviously Australia has their own
data,
previous rules you can have their own
data, previous rules,
are you complying with with your current
solution on the spreadsheet,
do you have to comply or be auditable
around?
Any any of these compliance items so that
we we can take any requirements around
that as well as we hold this data in the
platform.
We want to be compliant with all the
security security compliance guidelines
for each country.
Is there anything which comes to mind
right now which we have to comply with or
otherwise we have we have a standard GDPR
and other.
Other other regulatory compliance areas,
we service generally complies with,
but if we need to secure the information
for compliance then that becomes becomes
another layer of control on top.
The standard data rules depending on the
country,
but you've also got because you've got
your assignment groups only should take
Yeah.
care of security because you're not going
to have.
Right.
But holding data on ServiceNow is not a
problem, right?
Because obviously your spreadsheet are
within your own network.
Now service has a cloud solution.
If you see they're outside your network.
So we have to just take take this through
security as well separately.
But just want to raise a flag that this
might be considered that way too.
I mean,
would it help if we provided like a
version of what our unallocated and
suspense for Australia looks like,
and then that might give you guys a
better idea of,
Yeah.
I mean unfortunately that those
spreadsheets are supposed to be a source
Cool.
of truth.
It's not 3A and it's not the best.
I mean.
Bank so that might help give you guys an
idea of or visualise what we're currently
Correct.
working on to see if there's any possible
solution,
because I think my ideal from a cache use
perspective is that the majority of that
Yeah.
data is actually housed in service now
because that.
Would could then become outsourced.
If we can move you away from, yeah,
that would I think in the morning when
Yeah, it's.
when someone mentioned spreadsheet.
My my first point was can we move you
away from those spreadsheets because
they're so spreadsheets, but yeah,
it'll it'll be good to have a look.
It'll be good to have a look at those.
We're driving here, right?
We just need to understand what data is
in there.
And can we put in service now that's
Yeah.
that's the bottom line.
We're just trying to move from the
spreadsheet,
put the input and the service now and
Yeah.
then pass stuff between us. Yeah,
it's really just quite as simple as that.
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
That's definitely our ideal.
But maybe just you guys being able to see
that actual spreadsheet might help you.
Yep, happy to send that. Yes please cool.
Just going to make a note of that.
Definitely.
I'm also gonna.
I feel like a lot of the questions you
have in terms of functionality might be
helped by the proposed solution.
Chris and Tim have seen it, I believe.
So hopefully it might help the rest of
the team just visualise it a little bit.
This isn't the concrete one,
but just in terms of Chris,
you remember the solution, don't you?
Yeah.
Yeah. Talk jump across to that.
Like I've been jumping from slide slide
today.
Sorry,
I was just looking at the cashiering
processes for the office account receipts
and I think we've got both Australia and
UK, so it's all there.
OK, so bear with me.
This was meant to be following from a
nicely structured presentation,
but it's OK,
so this isn't a final solution,
this is just what I've proposed.
It's your portal landing page,
you have a tile.
Visible to the groups that we assign it
to, you go into that tile.
The name can change.
This is just what I'm suggesting,
so credit control,
but it can be a cashiering title,
cashiering, credit control,
whatever you need. Ultimately,
it comes down to a form.
So the reason why I was asking all the
questions about what data we should
capture gives us a starting point for
this, but also to understand.
What is actually beneficial to you guys
and what's not once that's submitted?
So this is your cashier,
your whoever wants to submit the form.
These six items are just what I've
suggested. But again,
the naming can change,
but ultimately what we want to get to and
this is coming down to your workflows is
that we have different again.
These are just names I've suggested you
have drop downs in the system.
You have fields you can add or remove in
the system and this comes across to any
of your scenarios.
There's going to be your cashiering.
This can be your credit control and this
again needs to align with the rest of the
team in terms of Josh and Deborah because
they're also doing certain items that
interlink with cashiering.
But in theory,
if you want a decision path Park allocate
change that to allocate. We can do that.
We can add fields and define that and
then set the routing so the status again,
this is just what I suggested with credit
control,
but that could easily be a different
assignment group based on what you've
selected and we can drive that routing.
Hopefully that makes sense.
So we've got this one.
Yeah.
Umm.
We showed you can't change amounts of
them,
assuming you can then raise a new task
site and link.
You can we can also,
I mean it's it's not the most favourable
because of controls and security,
but we we can always have override and we
can have senior stakeholders or owners of
these processes or we could even create
separate fields saying numbers adjusted
or fields adjusted and it keeps it on
that audit trail so there's.
Ways around it. OK, that's fine, I guess.
Yeah, that's fine.
We'll go back to the main process,
but I just wanted to kind of give you a
look and feel ones aligned with what you
were saying in terms of the workflows and
structures. But again,
we need to identify all the as is
processes to get this set up correctly.
And so I'll go back to the process maps.
Oh wow.
So we're unlocked account and so in terms
of workflows and next steps for the most
part it seems like a digitization option
of your current process would be more
beneficial at this stage.
And then based on that,
we could set up routing.
The routing and ownership,
it sounds like we've just focused on
Australia.
I mean this is an Australian process,
but does the routing for the most part
make sense from step by step or have I
not accounted for certain scenarios that
we need to include?
Again,
this is a 80% accounted for 20% there
probably will be some nuances,
but we want to automate what we can
correctly 1st and then we could
potentially add in more workflows in the
future. We'll put these refunds over here.
Do you if you want to return the funds,
does anyone do it? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Do you want any evidence, Chris, like,
do you do you need any evidence?
Like any attachments or any?
Because of the,
the comments would be in the in the tasks.
I think that's OK OK,
just give the routing ownership cashing.
It's OK.
OK.
I hate to write cashier's review.
You don't want any partner.
And outside of just the two and from with
all right 'cause.
There's a little partner approves
question Mark there.
We don't really want the partners to
approve anything.
Do we notice that we need to approve is
if we are.
Transferring for imposed a client account
which happens very rarely in Australia.
If we bar.
If we were doing a refund from the client
account after doing an office decline,
which is happens pretty frequently and we
would need partner approval.
Was saying we do want partner approval in
the process or is that?
Only for a certain outcome.
So one of the outcomes is we move money
from our office account to a client
account.
But from there we could then move the
money back to the office account against
invoices.
Once we've established what the funds are
for, or we could refund.
Funds back to the to the PR somewhere in
the situation where we're doing a refund,
we would need partner approval,
but we wouldn't need partner approval for
any other steps.
OK.
So could you attach the partner approval
task to the decision path of return? Yeah,
there probably wouldn't be a decision
path,
it would probably just be sorry it
wouldn't be a state,
it would just be a state, yeah, straight.
Yeah.
Again, the solution, by the way,
that's not set.
So that's just kind of to give you
options.
So if you're not happy if you want to
change it, feel free to.
I think what we're just saying is you
don't want partner approval and
everything.
So we don't want to build into the
workflow, but decision path,
certain decisions need to allocate a
partner approval.
Under the decision pass to be one.
Transfer to suspense account Anna,
is that another outcome we might have?
Yeah.
Rather than just transfer a client
account.
Yeah. OK.
That.
So I'm assuming we can't.
So that allocate part is kind of the the
other part of that is suspense. OK, yeah.
If it's partial allocation,
then the other part is.
Return of funds or it.
It's gotta gotta go to suspense first.
Regardless. OK, so that's your reason,
really. There. Yeah, I think. Yeah.
So before it can be refunded,
transferred to client account or
reallocated.
It's gotta hit suspense first.
So that's our step one.
Do we want to include that in that or is
that just an action that's completed?
That's part of the decision CC decision
to allocate for when you've got allocate
part.
The other part of that allocate part is
the other part suspense,
to allocate part of the receipt and then
part of the suspense. Yeah.
So it's a it's a single decision point.
It just needs to include both and then
the amount that you're putting in
suspense needs to be included as well.
Yes,
and this is where we were talking about
the amounts changing because your
original question is I've got 5000,
I can only allocate 2 1/2.
So the task is still going to have a 5000
assigned to it.
That you're applying 2 1/2,
so this is where you need to be able to
change them with that decision. Yeah,
because then that suspense item has to be
assigned to back to a credit controller
to then further investigate for the next
action.
So is it possible that?
You have a payment that comes in through
your investigation.
Right, I found a 5000 payment,
2 1/2 of it.
I know what's happening with it,
so you go in.
Your next task is I want to allocate part
of this to do XY and Z. You allocate it,
change the amount to 2 1/2 and that
allocates it,
removes it from the overall balance and
then the system.
Then prompts you to say, OK,
So what you're doing with the other 2 1/2
and then make a decision on that.
Can you do it that way? You can.
But then the question is where is the
kind of system total amount?
Is that based on digitising a report or
is that a manual entry?
Do we want to have that as a kind of
updated documents or is it just a one off
once the ticket is submitted like a
reference to the total amount on the
invoice?
I think from a ticket perspective,
it's a one off, is it not?
So is the is the request comes in for
that amount.
We just need to be able to see an audit
trail of what's happened with that amount
to get to a 0 balance.
So you're not having to tie it back to
any other data because you're manually
inputting that anyway.
Yeah, I mean, we don't, we wouldn't.
I said this process as a whole would not.
Have any three integration? Yeah.
There's nothing. The only integration.
That would be beneficial is if we could
upload an excerpt of the bank statement
that is unallocated in the first instance.
So that's one thing of digitising.
If you send that across,
we can identify the column names and what
data would need to go in. But again,
I don't think it'll be an integration.
It probably would be some form of manual
upload and then change manual.
Management.
You're maintaining the piece now and
ServiceNow and that's that's it.
That's your car across? Yeah.
I think that would be, that would be fine.
Like, if that's what without having, like,
an electronic integration,
like a manual upload would be. No,
I don't.
I don't be an issue no harder than what
we're doing now. But we don't have.
To link the figures in ServiceNow back to
what is in three E if that makes things
easier, it would,
but then what's driving this is just
going to be your your data capture.
That's the thing because you said you let
people change amounts and stuff.
User ID art.
Yeah,
very dangerous road to go down because
then you suddenly you lost all control of
the amounts, haven't you? Yeah,
but I mean, I don't want someone.
You're not. We.
Maybe that's where the cash is.
Only have the only control to do it.
Credit control. Give the instruction.
But because cash is other team that
actually actioning.
This and managing the split based off the
instruction.
Then we would be the only ones to make
edits. If we can provide that permission.
I mean it's not really that much
different. No, it's not the spreadsheet,
it's actually the right way of doing it,
because what happens is we give you part
allocation part allocation comes back
because you say I've allocated for a bit
of it now back over to you.
Assign it to the credit controller,
which kind of makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
I think the action, yeah,
whoever is actioning that split has to be
the one to change that. Yeah, I agree.
And I'm and then if it's a mistake,
is made in either system.
The responsibility lies only with 1-2.
Yeah. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. OK.
So let's discuss what would be good entry
point.
That must be where the responsibility
says just now that we it is. Yeah.
So it's nothing different like the
anything.
The only thing that credit control update
in our spreadsheets are the comments,
nothing else.
They shouldn't be touching anything else.
So which is ultimately what we're still
trying.
I recreate here.
All we're doing is passing to you for
information, update the work notes,
pass it back,
and then you should take the action. Yeah,
for sure. Martin.
Does that work for you from Auk
perspective?
So it's using the same scenario in the UK.
We we could have 5 grand that comes in 2
1/2 gets allocated to an invoice and
we've got two and a half 1000 LB left
rather than us putting it to a suspense
account.
We would move it to a client account and
allocate against the specific matter that
relates to.
Yeah.
I would then say that that action for the
2 1/2 grand this went to the clinic and
still sets with credit control to either
establish can we use the funds against
other invoices or do I have to do a
refund. So yeah,
please kind of the same route,
Yeah.
but just in a different way of doing it.
So yeah.
Credit controller just providing the
information around that though. Yeah,
Exactly, yeah.
says with that the trust stuff can run
from three though Stephen's team,
do they run the reports from three the
Trust reports, don't you?
And so that's all three outside.
You don't actually need ServiceNow for
that at all.
I think that's fine,
but on the Australian side,
with the suspense allocated,
you do because that's where you lose your
control.
So for the most part,
it's the same process,
but just one has suspense and one is
going to client.
But in terms of you have to notify and
the workflow it's are we saying it's
credit control cashiering and that's more
or less the workflow.
Umm.
You mean in terms and who of who's
involved in it?
It'll only be those two teams. Yeah. Yeah.
Because you're not.
Although we may need to ask partners.
We're not going to.
We'll do that by picking up the phone or
something. You should do it.
You don't need to record it in ServiceNow.
There should. Yeah, that's fine.
There shouldn't be any other application
requests coming from anyone else.
Everything should be going through credit
control.
From an Australian perspective,
who does so if you're going to supposing
you're going to bounce back a payment,
or you're going to send back half a
payment. So for suspense,
who does that in the UK?
And cash it and you process it here.
Martin, do you press all returns?
Or all refunds.
Have I lost you, Martin?
Sorry, put myself on mute.
Just talking away to myself. Yeah,
See if it's. Oh, there it is.
so the credit control team would fill out
a payment form for us and pass that
payment form on to my team.
And we would then pass it off to a
partner for them to approve,
and then we would process the the funds
out the same way we would do with.
Any client payment request kind of what
we spoke about last Wednesday.
Yeah. OK. And the same on the UK.
So if we're going to,
if it's comes back suspense and we're
returning the payment to the team,
to the team, complete the formula,
I'll just take you to send it back the
banking details. That's what I approve,
isn't it? Yeah, that's yeah. Yeah.
We credit control.
We just need to comment and.
OK,
I don't really know if you wanna build in
an approval process through ServiceNow,
Chris or the team.
Just attach your approval plus the bank
details and then my team can just just to
add,
we can also all the functionality we
talked about for the other solutions
emails coming out of ServiceNow.
Capturing approvals, capturing responses,
we can also do that with the ticketing
system here.
So you don't necessarily need to account
for every nuance or workflow in there.
You could have it, Chris,
have you approved it? Yes,
comes back perfect done. Yeah,
might make it a little bit easier.
So if someone sends me an e-mail.
I get e-mail requests like.
Can you approve this?
It gets attached all the details.
The documents I quickly read through them
I approve fly back approved.
That's it done. I was to do that.
That would go back to the ticket request
already or ever sent the e-mail from the.
So who would send you that e-mail in the
1st place for the approval.
It comes from either one of my.
Team or cashier's team. OK, Jeremy.
My team. That should all be done in,
in ServiceNow then and it just comes into
your workspace as a notification you go,
there's all my attachments. That's fine.
So they fill in the form how and then
they do the forms all online, do they?
Yeah.
Are we in those payment that we talked
about those forms going into ServiceNow
ready? No, no, I don't think so. OK,
as part of the document depository,
can we just create structured because I
don't know your refund form is basically
the same across different regions from
what I've seen different. Yeah,
so so we can probably.
There are like document repositories or
we can just call them templates and you
just use those templates. Yeah,
I've put there's there'll be a knowledge
base that you can use and then that's a
repository for bringing the templates and
storing there for people to use as well.
We don't have to go to multiple systems.
You just go in,
everything's centralised for you.
You don't need to remember.
Or how about attach this? Can we even,
can we create it into the workflow saying?
Have you remembered to do this or
creating an attachment?
This has more complication. No,
it's probably not worth it. Yeah,
I wouldn't say it's worth it.
I'm just trying to figure out if a
template that you're talking about is
outside of. Well,
the reason we do it by e-mail is twofold.
So.
First of all, it's just easy. Secondly,
it's not just the template.
They have to submit that they have to
give me proof of bank details as well
from the client.
So if we're sending money back to the
client, I have to get,
I get this form that they fill out.
It's got all the details in plus they're,
you know, this is all good.
Is that like a word?
Is that like a word form? Is it all? Yeah.
It's just a template sent word template
form.
And then there's also banking details,
which covers APDF,
so they have to go out to the client and
get either a copy of the class bank
statement, a copy of a bank slip,
or an official letter from their bank.
With BSB sort code,
I bought all the account details and I'll
verify that those account details.
Are the same as what's on the request for,
just as a double check to make sure we're
not refunding back to any move,
and that's where it goes to be for
approval, and I review them,
approve when I send off to cashiers and
they I can do whatever they do.
So they would need to be able to attach
something from the client.
They're going to get by e-mail,
like kind of APDF of some.
It's usually comes to the PDF format
basically of either a snippet of their
back stack, whatever it might be. Yeah.
And that that's still fine.
I think that's in terms of getting the
PDF, getting the e-mail.
Attaching that to the request on service
now only being routed to you or someone
within a particular group just because of
sensitivity around kind of having the
some of those key personal notification
information. You can then do approval.
So you could have a whole you could maybe
have a bucket that says you know awaiting
your approval.
And even ones that you've got, you know,
I've approved these is going through even
this generates off the back of that
request to that person who's submits that
and it'll say here's all the approval.
You know, here's the approval get done.
The cheques all confirmed ready to go.
And then those approvals 'cause I send
them to accounts payable then now they
can be done by cashiers. Yeah, yeah,
the they'll be moved. Cashiers,
I don't know. Next week when I'm back.
Yeah.
Cool. I'll I'll take those actions away.
One thing I'll just say is we'll just
need to be clear where we expect to
receive ABC that you know like the flight
details, yeah, yeah, et cetera.
Just so it's really clear for them as
well. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah.
Yeah.
What do we need to define based on 1st
for a second? Julian,
you know ahead ahead of schedule?
What do we need to define for the form
capture?
We can assume request type region entity,
so it's because it's slightly different
depending what action you're taking.
So the form for.
Cashier is to send to credit control with
unallocated invoices. Is one form. Yeah,
which is what I thought Australia and
reading what this could be. Yeah.
And then you've got other forms that
would be this refund that we're just
talking about.
So so this is just the unallocated one,
is it so?
Again,
we have a few other processes that do
pick up on refund and return,
so this is purely on the unallocated. Yes,
this is our like front facing the first
instance.
That cache is a contacting credit control,
yeah.
With items that we can't post. Yeah, OK,
cool.
What do you currently get on your
forwarding?
And allocated, yeah.
Some Jew.
Some receipt.
Sorry it some sort of see any narrative,
any details that came on? Yeah,
it's pretty much exactly the same. Yeah.
OK.
Some of this stuff.
We probably don't know. OK,
so request type or it's an allocated?
I mean region entity again.
That's probably most helpful in the UK.
It's relevant to you guys, isn't it?
I mean,
do you get told what bank account it is,
do you say?
The US points would be they they go
straight anyway.
You know mark.
Yeah. You wanna? Hey, sorry.
The UN points go straight to America,
don't they, mark?
Yeah, the what do you mean? Sorry,
I didn't hear what you said before that.
Any allocation requests for the US,
they go straight to the US, don't they?
So we we send them to Robert,
who's in the US,
but we also copy and Donna.
So it's Robert and Donna.
Umm.
If we had just the region and currency
fields is that Martin,
is that enough for you to be able to
identify any type of receipt that you
need to send to UK credit control across
all the regional bank accounts and
currencies that you manage?
Yeah, I think so.
We'd say probably the bottom column isn't
needed.
Suspected client on matter because that's
why we're reaching out to the credit
control in the 1st place.
Yeah.
I don't know if the payment method is is
important in Australia,
but I don't really see that has been
important to make a difference to use.
Yeah.
So Stephen, if he's new,
if it came by backs or chaps or whatever.
Great.
Same with payer name. We don't really.
That would probably be covered in the
bank reference.
So whatever description or narrative that
comes on our bank statement is what I'd
be telling my team to put in that bank
reference,
which may or may not have a payer name
that we know.
So I don't know if that's relevant or not.
It was a bit different, Anna.
We get a payment name and we get a
reference as well. So it's two separate.
Two separate things in the UK.
I think you can keep them on there.
So I think you you you keep.
Method isn't relevant.
You're not going to attach the bank
statement or remittance,
so you knew that you knew what it was.
I mean, suspect reply no,
because you're going to lose the
reference if you knew that,
you would never request in the 1st place.
So the bottom three,
I would say probably not needed.
If we have a copy. If anyone disagrees,
well,
if we have a copy of advice that has a
reversed invoice on it,
Pat.
is that going to be?
Yeah.
More helpful for you to see,
we would have that remittance advice
already because it'd be a folder.
Well then.
Yeah,
I I think the bank statement is important
to have as well because we get a lot more
details on our receipts in the UK and
what you do in Australia.
Our bank statement will tell us what
Yeah.
maybe the address of the client is.
It will tell us what country the,
the bank worth and all that sort of stuff.
So sometimes having that.
Attachment is probably quite useful to
the credit control team to give them
clues to see what country it's came from
and stuff like that.
Instead of in general,
it's just good to have an attachment on
any of the forms. Yeah, front end, yeah.
Instead of suspected client or matter.
Can we just have like a general comments
section so that we can add in additional
information if we know it? Yeah,
we can help just to open text box saying
any additional support or any additional.
Comment information. Yeah, yeah,
like invoice. This was paid on X date.
Yeah,
but it's also on this room in device.
Because that's quite common.
So I know that was quite convoluted,
but I think we've got a lot of
information that we need to create the
use cases and come back to you with.
Is everyone happy?
For the most part with where we're at,
there will be additional actions and
additional discussions without a doubt,
because that was.
I was a complex one,
but I think we're in a good place for now.
Yeah, we get to meet Bob. Yeah, cool.
And I'm gonna leave the hash collection
for now as well.
We're gonna go through the rest of the
processes because they do touch on a lot
of processes that this kicks off.
So if we get to the granular detail of
that.
We may not need cash collection because
it's accounted for or we may still want
this to be more of a kick off a separate
process, but we'll come back to this.
It might be a future discussion or today
if we have time,
it's just I know the Speaking of time,
it's 3:00.
I've put in time for a break.
Does everyone want to have 10 minutes
walk around, get refreshed,
and then we come back and continue? Yeah,
yeah, yeah. Cool. Fantastic. Yeah. Parik,
you're good to go for a break for 10
minutes.
Oh, and uh Martin as well. Probably Jesus.
See you later. Bye.
Just.
Is everyone back?
Everyone on the call.
Yep.
Yeah.
Oh, perfect.
Let's kick off the rest of the session.
Of course,
we've done that just considering the time,
do we want to get into suspense account
now, or do we want to?
Are there any other processes that?
Relative to the UK,
because this is all specific,
I'm just wondering if it's easier for to
cover everything UK related as well.
So then Martin and Steven can pop off if
they need to. Yeah, that's a good point.
So let's move on from suspense.
I think this is probably a big one for
you guys. Yeah, cool.
Let's do rejecting payments and refunds.
So this is where I said you've got your
entire big process and then we're
branching off into individual process and
trying to understand those process
workflows.
So a receipt is posted identified that
can't be.
Allocated or related to a cancelled slash
duplicate bill,
is that correct for all scenarios for
rejecting payments or do we have more
kind of scenarios for this use case?
This is a receipt comes into office
account.
We.
I'm gonna send it back to a client.
None.
Or it gets transferred to a client
account?
So it's essentially funds that have come
into our account that we don't want to be
in an account anymore.
There can be multiple reasons for that.
It could be we generally have no idea
what the funds are for or who's paid.
This could be that that was been
cancelled,
it could be a duplicate payment,
but essentially we are saying that.
The whole 100% of the funds that have
arrived into account,
we don't need for whatever reason and we
get our banks to return the funds to the
person that paid this in the first place.
Yeah. In terms of the roles, handoffs,
approvals,
is this how you've understood the
processes as well or do I need to account
for any changes or standardisation?
So we've got transfer to transfer to
client account as well, don't we?
We wouldn't transfer anything to the
client account if it was a rejection.
We're simply saying we don't want this
money,
so it gets taken straight back at our
office account and goes back to the
person that sent it to us.
So there's no client account involvement
in this at all.
I'm sorry you're sending refunds as well.
Yeah.
Almost.
Combining 2 processes here, so yeah,
if we're rejecting funds and we don't
know what they're for,
it wouldn't go into the client account.
But if we've moved the funds to the
client account for whatever reason,
then yeah, we would have to do a refund.
I think they could bind 2 processes when
they did this process process about
Yeah. OK.
Martin.
Some reason they I don't know why but it
was combined so because transfer to
client account is almost a separate
process in itself, isn't it really?
It's triggered from this process it
Yeah, yeah, that's two.
potentially or from so we give our whole
workflow separate so the.
So if you imagine the ticket,
it ends with transfer to client and then
we can have a sub task where we can
create a separate process where the
transfer actions are as part of. Yeah,
that makes sense.
Does that work for Australia as well?
Any return transcript? Yeah,
I think there's two, I guess, yeah.
There's two different processes in here
for Australia, so.
Rather than rejecting the payment,
we would refer to it as a a return of
funds.
And then the refund has to happen via a
suspense process,
so I wouldn't classify the refund as part
of the Australian process or I I would
classify the refund. Sorry.
As an arm of the Australian suspense
process. OK, fine.
That's a decision through suspense.
But we can return funds directly through
our bank.
So this is more so UK and rest of the
world focused Australia's version of this
is a bit more suspense based where fine
and I'm assuming it's a legal compliance
thing.
You have to go through with suspense
first before or is that just a
operational?
No, it's an operational.
It's just the UK process is more driven
by the SRA than Australia's driven by our
regulations.
For the purposes of chatting about this
part,
it might be easier just to fragment it in
the two processes and just say this is
what we do for rejecting payments and
talk about that and then talk about what
we do for refunds because there's there's
two,
two different tasks have been combined in
the one slide here.
So are we.
Are you suggesting we separate these two
then?
Yeah.
Yeah, I would say so.
OK, can take that as an action,
but I guess whilst we're here discussing
it,
should we focus on rejecting first and?
Yeah,
I think that's the easiest because I
think the rejecting is probably quite an
easy, easy process.
Is it still the same for you as Anna,
where you simply send an e-mail to the
bank after credit control,
tell you that they don't want the funds
anymore?
We initiate it directly through the
banking platform,
OK.
so we don't have to send it now, yeah.
So I think that's where the only
difference is going to be,
but essentially got the same path where
this is unallocated funds we like.
We just spoke about,
we send the request to credit control,
credit control come back and say reject
the funds,
what's going to happen next is going to
depend on which.
Country receive the funds because it's
different.
Hmm.
It's a different process for each country.
So and has just told you to do it through
the ANZ banking platform in the UK we
have to sign,
send a signed document off to our bank.
Based on the mandate that we've got at
that bank, so we,
we've got partners down in London that
I've got, yeah,
they're on our banks mandate.
They have to sign something that says
that the payment can be returned.
So we we get their wet signature
essentially and we send an e-mail off to
our bank and in the UK.
OK. And that's how it happens there.
Luxembourg is similar to Australia,
OK.
we have to do something through the
banking platform,
but certain people have to approve
whatever the cashier team. And so yeah,
it's just going to be different pair pair
office.
OK,
might be worth reviewing if if we have
those individual processes 'cause I got
the combined process,
but if that's not accurate,
that's not an issue,
but it would be useful to understand
those nuances.
And.
This process in particular do we need to
understand those nuances at the end of
the day,
it's a task and it's going to be
transferred. Australia do it one way,
UK do it another way and there's no
answers for other one.
But we can just call that task transfer.
Could do,
but I don't know the extent of the
nuances.
I guess there's a question to you guys
how much? Well,
the the the task is going to be cashier's
will e-mail, credit control, credit side.
No,
we don't need this funds for whatever
reason needs to be returned.
It's Australia and I'll.
The team will get the request and send it
back by the ANZ. If it's. Yeah,
you're right.
So it's just a just a task as it goes
from cashiers to credit control and then
back to cashiers.
And then the cashiers will get the task.
But however they do that task is
different depending where you are.
The task outside of service now, isn't it?
So yeah, OK, fine.
So within the service now.
Now the workflow itself is the same,
but it's just how you actually the end
result is different.
You just need to know the.
Should to yes, please. Yeah, yeah. OK,
yeah.
Sorry, Martin.
Did you say you need partners approval?
Yeah. So in the UK,
we we have the bank asks us to fill out a
spreadsheet basically detailing the
payment on the receipt so that it's to
get rejected and we need to add, you know,
one or two partners signatures to that
sheet depending on the value.
We've actually got the partners
signatures or we've got like a dozen
partner signatures like an electronic
copy of it.
So what we actually do is we send an
e-mail to the partner and say we're going
to reject these funds.
Are you happy for us to add your
signature to the?
To the paperwork,
just help streamline it rather than
having to to E sign it themselves,
they reply back saying yes,
we add their E signature to the to the
form and then e-mail off to the bank.
Is this? Would that stay outside?
ServiceNow yeah.
I ideally I would like it to still be in
service now because I could send that
It.
request that 5:20 tonight and the partner
might not respond till tomorrow morning.
But if I'm on holiday or off sick,
I need someone else on my team to be able
Hmm.
to pick that up and.
If we're doing it through emails like
individual emails,
that's where we lose track of it.
Does that go through show well now,
Martin?
Yeah, yeah, me too. For this year,
I'll just know.
I think the approval process needs to go
through service now in terms of
requesting that approval so that it's
captured, but it's also a cashier task,
not a credit control task.
So that will need to be picked up through
the cashier pro process that receives
this.
Yeah.
We we still we still want the solution to
be end to end.
So even though it's with cashiering,
it does rely on credit control to make
certain decisions.
So I think that's something we'll have to
account for.
We we can go through as as a use case I
think we'll need to take a consistent
approach to that on everything that we're
looking at here because this is exactly
what's going to happen all the time.
Credit control will just do one bit of.
Of it,
then it will come back to cashiers and
then their process will differ.
But that's probably captured in their
process of how that differs.
It's just how we join it up.
Yes.
So.
Yeah.
Cool.
And so that was purely on the rejection
side, is that correct?
Yes.
Taking an action,
we'll follow up and see how the end to
end process and I'm sure a lot of you
will be involved in that discussion.
The return side refund side is this where
we need to have.
Approvals because we're sending out money
pretty much.
Yeah, we would need,
I think a key on late if we were doing a
refund,
the money would always be moved to the
client account 1st and.
No matter why we're sending money out of
the client account,
we always need partner approval,
so this essentially falls back into what
we spoke about in Wednesday when we had a
client payment.
This refund now becomes a client payment
and we follow that same Mark stream as.
As we spoke about in Wednesday,
so rather than a lawyer sending us a
payment form and asking us to to do the
payment request,
the payment forms actually coming from
credit control instead.
And then we still follow that same all
the same actions afterwards.
OK.
Do we wanna keep transferred to client
Yeah.
accounts and refund separate or is it
just refund because it always goes into
client accounts?
Is there a reason we'd wanna in this
scenario to host it in the client
accounts?
So for UK I think it just falls into the
IT doesn't have to sit in this section,
it just goes back into client account
payment which is for Australia because
they can be doing refunds from client
trust account or from the suspense
account.
Maybe I don't know where you wanted to
sit Anna.
We generally if we're doing any client
refunds,
we generally prefer to do that out of the
office account.
So then that falls into the suspense
process.
If we're moving money from suspense to
trust, it would be for a purpose,
so it would be for.
Payment of an invoice more likely than
actually refund it.
Refunding it back to the client because
the client would have to go through
additional admin steps just to get that
money the same way that we'd be able to
do it in less less steps from office.
OK.
So it's an additional step essentially
because you have two places to store it,
whereas the UK just has one of the output
and the factors for the most part are the
same.
I would I would just leave Australia's
office rather than trust.
So same process as the UK.
We just give in office.
It just would follow the suspense
decision process though.
Cool.
This feels like another one that's
slightly easier to do in terms of
rejections, and then the refunds.
Seems like it sits again within your
suspense for the Australia side. Yeah,
yeah, OK.
I'm relatively happy to say relatively
because I know there's a lot of nuances,
so I'm sure when I start reviewing these
notes it will be a bunch of questions,
but for now I'm happy with how that flow
is going.
Just going back to the partner approvals
for the rejection you said we had a
spreadsheet at the moment.
Moment where we're getting partners
signatures.
Are we saying also want to potentially
digitise that document,
Yeah.
put it into service now or it could set
that?
No,
it's it has to be the spreadsheet because
it's a bank that requests us to fill that
spreadsheet out. So it's not a,
it's not an internal process,
it's a bank process.
Fine.
Fine,
and I'm assuming it has to be in that
format 'cause they uploaded into their
documents.
That's why they've given to you in that
structure.
Yeah.
So we we used to do it in a different way
and they come back a couple of years ago
and says all requests must come in this
format. So yeah.
Is it worth 'cause I?
I know there's excel export functions in
uh ServiceNow,
is that something we could potentially
look into?
If we have the same columns or is it not
worth the work?
There's no no harm I'm looking into,
I suppose, but it's just a it's very,
Yeah.
very basic.
Just basically spreadsheet says date the
funds arrived.
What bank account did arrive into amount
and to did it come from?
That's fairly straightforward and basic.
For the sake of centralization,
how often do the banks make requests to
change the columns or the data structure
or any of that stuff?
It's been the same spreadsheet for a
number of years now. Yeah,
they've never changed it.
OK.
Would it be possible to send us across
that structure?
It's it's not something we'll necessarily
do in phase one,
but just for the sake of centralization,
it might be worth having it in there
instead of where it closes. It's.
Yeah.
Nobody's.
Thank you. OK.
We'll move on for now and everyone's
favourite part,
what data should we capture?
I'll separate it into rejecting and
refunds.
So assuming again request type,
we're going to need region entity,
is that safe to remove if the actors are
going to be the same and we're just
rooting it to different groups just type?
Submitted that we do need. Sorry go.
So.
So the way this the way this was
triggered is we would just fill in the
same unallocated forums we discussed
prior to the break.
Then it's just credit control from banks
Mm-hmm.
and reject. So we wouldn't,
it would just be the same fields as we've
Yep.
already discussed previously and then.
OK.
The action is to reject.
There's nothing more required.
No,
it's a fairpoint because there's a sub
process, isn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah, cool.
Thank you. Let's move on.
Managing funds and clients account.
Is this something that we want in scope
of credit control?
The scenario I was provided was that
credit control handle client account on
account of fees funds.
There's different things with credit
control can look after the client
Yeah.
accounts,
so I don't know what this map relates to,
but if the credit control team tells us
to move some funds to the client account,
it's kind of their responsibility to then
get those funds cleared down.
Yeah.
Whether that's a refund or getting
permission to use the the funds against
other outstanding invoices. But Stephen,
you may be best to talk about the next
bit,
there's some money that sits in
unintended just called on accounting fees,
which could be money that's arrived.
Directly into our client account and it's
for future fees and I don't know if
credit control does anything to to kind
of report on that so that they can try
and get funds in the client account
offset against invoices.
Can we do sorry.
See.
Yeah.
So what we will generally do with those
is communicate with a partner to advise
that we are holding funds within the
client account already and this should be
noted on future invoices.
What we'll do in the instance that
Martin's talking about as well is if
there's funds that we don't have any
further instruction on, we'll, we'll.
We'll then revert back to the partner as
well.
You know how those funds should be
managed,
but that's generally after we've
communicated with the client.
So say we've received a duplicate payment
or we've received a payment where we've
got a matter name,
but we don't have an exact sum.
And we're not able to allocate it
accurately to, you know,
a list of invoices.
What we'll then do is if we don't get a
response from the client,
is ask the partner to reach out to their
partner at the client.
Do you want the funds held on account so
that they can be worked down of future
invoices?
Or should these funds be returned back to
the client?
OK.
Seems like a relatively basic workflow to
be able to include.
Umm.
Is it always a case of or?
I guess region variance,
which we'll probably be able to come back
on? I'm not sure. I'm sure it is.
How often do we account?
I'm just trying to think in terms of the
credit control solution.
Is it worth having?
As a separate process and form and
submissions through doesn't need to sit
within here.
Or is this just a process that happens
and you get your approvals?
It's not something that happens regularly,
but it's.
I mean, it's a couple of emails, you know,
one to the client,
one to the partner and one to cashiers
and that that closes off the process.
So in its entirety on sums that were not
able to resolve at the time the credit
control team look after the,
you know the trust report.
And we review that so throughout the
month and we'll, you know,
we'll refer back to the the partner or
the client for updates if we don't
receive them, you know,
at at the point of receiving the funds.
OK. So is this for the most part,
just confirmation.
And then once your approval has gone and
you action it, that's it. So.
In most cases,
we're able to resolve it at, you know,
at at the time. You know,
we look at it either through feedback
from the client or feedback from the
partner.
Just to the whole group,
is it worth accounting for this one
considering you already have quite an
easy process?
Well,
I think Stephen was when we get asked to
do an office to client,
I just say you you tend to deal with them
then and then.
But there are some that slip through the
net more like the examples I'm more sees
when I'm doing a essential balance report
maybe.
I've got one.
I've got an example just now of we get
asked to move money to the client account
in February and I've reached out to
someone on the team,
can't remember who it was,
but I don't think they were aware that
the funds went to the client account in
February because they were on holiday
that day and someone is.
Told us to park the funds to client
account until that person returns from
holiday,
but maybe it wasn't communicated back to
that person,
so we ended up eight months down the line.
We hadn't even contacted the client or
the partner yet,
which obviously isn't ideal,
but I'm wondering if.
When we've got the office to client,
part of the process figured out if that
remains open,
that the credit control site until the
funds are cleared down from the client
account may help.
Everybody to be able to identify what's
still still to be cleared cleared off.
But if you want.
So do you.
Oslis around them.
Is that the best approach?
I'm trying to think of again cost benefit
if we include it.
Are you adding extra admin but securing
that workflow? Alternatively,
are people going to follow this knowing
that they can just send an e-mail and get
an answer and resolution within 2-3
minutes or two three emails?
How do you manage those ones that are
rooting for unbelievable amounts of time
at the moment?
He's talking to me.
I couldn't hear who was speaking in the
room prior to that,
so I'm not sure what was said.
Mark.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Just saying the you potentially have
amounts set on trust for a very long time,
and if you're going to assign a task to
that amount or ticket to that amount,
it could well stay open for a long period
of time.
Do we want to have tickets open for a
very long period of time?
They also don't necessarily get assigned
to one person.
It may relate to someone else.
I think I would like it to be similar to
what you're doing for the suspense
account at the end of the day the money
is getting moved to get cleared down,
but there should maybe be a way to close
the ticket off. For example,
if it's going to sit there for a long
time and we know that it's going to sit
there for a long time then.
The ticket can be closed off with the for
comment saying.
This is why we're closing off,
even though the money is still there.
But I think it would help capture the
ones that do slip through the net because
we we have just agreed we're just
agreeing with our auditors right now that
any of these balances that have been
moved have to be cleared down within six
months.
We have to record that as a breach of SRA
rules, so the example I just gave there,
it never appeared to never residual
balance report for until eight months
later,
so instantly we've breached and we have
to record that as a breach because we're
already two months over the.
The agreed timeline.
So I think when we're talking about
breaches and maybe ways that can help
stop those breaches from happening,
it's definitely,
definitely worth kind of looking into and
exploring.
So my question was,
how do you manage ones that are sitting
open for ages at the moment?
We don't really have a way to do it.
So Stephen was talking about there's a
there's a trust spreadsheet that the the
team looks at and they'll it's it's a
report that gives them all balances that
are on the client account,
but it doesn't tell you really how long
the balance is sat there for.
My dad's job balance report can pick
stuff up,
but the way the report works is it only
looks at matters that haven't had any
work recorded for three months. So again,
that example I used everyone from
February.
There had been work getting recorded all
the way up to about July time,
and then when we run the report in
October,
because there've been no work since July.
That's when it first appeared on that
ever report.
So we're already a bit too late to to
deal with it,
so there's there's there is ways that we
are dealing with it,
but I think this would be an extra way
that could help and make sure that we
were not missing anything.
On the trust report that you run,
how come do we know why it wasn't picked
up from trust report? You were one.
Don't know if we'll come back to.
Maybe that's all. Yeah.
So is there a way that we could put this
into service now,
we might have instances where tickets
would settle for indefinite amount of
time.
I'm sure we talked about this for
examples last week and some of the
processes where we can move them into a
separate queue, if you like,
in a dashboard where they sit and
actually that gives you a source to then
check on a regular basis.
I'm sorry. It's coming up to six months.
You get a notification to go in and check
that dashboard.
Serious our UK process on the money?
The one? Yeah,
I think I probably agree with Martin,
to be honest with you,
if those are if there's annoying breach
dating back to February that we weren't
aware of then yeah.
If there's something else we can put in
place to prevent that happening again,
yeah, that would basically.
So we want really basically as a list,
isn't it to be able to see that's come in,
we've not been able to manage that.
We don't have any other instructions or
anything else that we can check at the
moment.
It can sit there like it's put a rule in
in three months time to check it,
somebody pick up. Yeah.
And if that SRA rule for six months is
there mark.
And then you can check it two or three
times before that six months,
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I think it's important what you say
the system can prompt you to do that. Yep,
I agree with that. OK.
that Joe was.
It's almost like it needs to be hidden in
the background,
so it doesn't just clog up in people's
dashboards and stuff like that. So yeah.
Yeah, you don't want it set. Yeah. So see,
for example,
when we were doing the people stuff,
there's loads of ones that will set open
for months and months because it's not a
one and done process.
OK.
They will just have a separate dashboard
that they can actually go in and have a
look at them and chase them up.
OK.
So we're saying very basic tracker just
to raise when these scenarios do come in,
have it somewhere segregated from the
rest of these processes.
But it's just there for reference and
potentially some basic Slas or basic
timing elements saying this has been
there for six months, what's going on?
Do we want that for this particular one?
I'm thinking for their reporting.
If we have it with the other items,
then you'll just have a bulk load of
items,
but I'm assuming this one they probably
want to have specific reporting on funds
in client account.
The the report of funds from client
account would come for three anyway,
so we do not want something in service.
Now.
We could easily identify these are your.
Actually we could philtre that through,
couldn't we? For these specific scenarios.
So yeah, it would work as a state.
Oh super dashboard.
Yep, just to confirm,
I'm I'm sure you've already said what the
process is,
but is it pretty much credit controller
speaks to the partner and then either the
credit controller or the partner chases
for some form of instruction.
And if they don't get it,
then it just sits there.
OK, cool. That's very simple.
We didn't speak about Australia side,
did we?
Not not applicable in Australia,
credit control don't have anything to do
with managing trust monies in Australia
it's all managed by the farmers.
One of the upsides managing funds and
clients.
I think I can probably introduce what we
need.
Just making notes for myself.
Is there anything outside of these items
that is a mandatory?
I think of Steven Martin, I guess this.
Don't have it off the screen and I've
come back.
The screen's not loaded up so I can't see
if it's been shared just like, oh,
never go sorry.
So what is this table going to be used
for? Sorry.
So this is to drive the service now data
capture.
So if we're going into some form of form
submission or request type,
what data coming in would help drive
these processes and not require back and
forths or emails or teams calls that kind
of stuff.
Yeah, but to to do what?
We'll just say my managing funds,
but it's those.
So this one is just for,
so it probably isn't clear, is it?
This is for an item that's been raised
and it's flagging in the system,
and we need to allocate,
so a decision hasn't actually been made
on it at this point or the end output is.
You want a decision made.
But what we discussed was there'll be a
potentially a state for this ticket where
if it hasn't reached that decision,
we can segregate it and then put it in
like a backlog area.
So ultimately you want to have some
Yeah. OK. So the money is sitting there,
but a decision has not been made.
allocation or decision made.
I don't know if it would be a form for it,
because the idea that I was talking about
was.
When we're getting asked to move the
money to the client account,
that's when the form would be completed.
We already kind of spoke about that last
week,
so that form would contain the amount the
matter number, the client and.
Yeah.
So that already be captured until such
times that decisions then made and what's
to happen with the funds would have to
follow the the next process.
So whether that's a refund or we spoke
about,
we'd get a refund form and it goes
through a client payment process or.
Identifying new invoices that we can,
we can then pay,
which would mean we're we're transferring
the money back from our client or office
account.
So is this process only ever initiated by
you and kashir and Martin to credit
S.
control?
So this all starts,
I think it's hard to kind of talk about
it in one separate thing because money
could already be in the client account
that Stephen's team is trying to to
offset against future bills.
Now that's well but for.
This one particular scenario is it all
starts from the unallocated funds.
We get unallocated funds,
we send it off to credit control,
credit control.
Say you don't know what these funds are
for just now or there's a reason why we
can't allocate these funds,
move it to the client account and that's
when they fill out the table and then?
We are, as cashiers,
aren't doing anything else with those
monies until credit control come back to
us with further instruction.
So it starts with us,
but it sits between both teams at certain
stages.
OK. Yeah.
Fair I think I feel like very similar to
what and I was talking about for their
suspense account.
We sent off to credit control,
credit control,
give us an action to do we post into 3E,
but then it kind of goes back to credit
control team member until they get the.
The desire of outcome.
What's to then happen with the funds?
Yeah. So it's a good shot. Actually,
you're right. Exactly right.
It's actually very exactly the same,
isn't it? It's just different accounts,
but the principle is the same.
It will go from cashiers to credit
Yep.
control, credit control back to cashiers,
then back to credit control,
credit control if it's not been allocated
or not decided what to do. Yeah. OK.
Yeah.
Difference been?
We've got the money in our client account
against a specific client matter.
What is a suspense account isn't against
a specific client matter so.
Yeah.
I think we'll probably take that away and
see what we can do with it.
It almost it almost sounds like it's a
different process to a certain extent.
I mean it is cashiering and credit
control process,
but if you're already capturing the data
and I'll need to confirm which actual
process this is,
we can potentially have a sub task.
That becomes credit control.
Instead of having it completely separate,
because then you're duplicating it a
little bit cool.
I don't think it would say when we're
going through these processes because
sedating them properly because we're
taking all these down from service now.
So from the service catalogue, sorry,
which is written by someone I think was
not a good day,
they don't always make sense.
I think there's a real part on actually
what we need to do is.
These are all like sub tasks of the
service,
so the service needs to be right and that
probably sits in cash even and then these
are just sub tasks that move to you guys
and then back we probably start on the
cash even site because what the
difficulty we've had.
Up until we have these workshops,
as we've never really on the maps and
stuff that hasn't been captured where it
moves. Yeah.
So that's what we're uncovering just now.
That's when we'll need have that extra
sessions that we talked about right at
the start of finance to connect to all
together. Yeah.
But at least you're getting into it and
it's good information and good. Yeah,
absolutely it has.
It's it's a necessary way that we need to
go through.
It's just a shame we can't decide how
we're going to do it yet,
but it's what we need to pull out. Oh,
of course. I'll. I'll leave this for now.
I don't think it's worth getting into any
more detail until we do get into the cash
sharing bit. So just for the sake of time,
I'm going to move on from managing funds
and client account.
We've done this one.
Everyone's happy for the most part.
Is this worth running through with Martin
as well or OK?
That one.
Add that by off. I'm also fine with,
so we're gonna move on,
write off exchange rate difference.
So the bandit write off and write off
exchange are two separate processes,
but is it a case of you want them to be
separate or is it just something that can
be combined into a generic write off or
they're different? OK, fine.
Cool,
I have accounted for it to be different,
but I was just wondering if it was
something that should have been combined
potentially, but that's fine. So yeah,
exchange difference identified and needs
resolving in terms of the process,
cashier raises the FX loss so it starts
with the cashier credit control,
team reviews,
partner approval for over 100,
000 different.
I did have a question about that.
Is there no other? Yeah.
OK. I figure 100,000 FX difference, OK.
We've got, we've got a mic here.
Sure, I'll put that, I'll put that.
You're good. So. Yeah.
So we we receive the account receive
about it. Can you hear me? OK. Awesome.
Yeah, yeah.
So we receive an amount into the account
and there is an FX difference.
So the clients paid in a different
currency to that of the invoice.
So we take all the pluses,
but if it's an underpayment.
There is a decision needs to be made on
how to deal with that underpayment.
How and I actually to confess,
I don't actually know what the process is
in the UK. Do you do?
If there's a difference in the UK?
It depends on what the summers.
Barty, do you have a threshold?
You just write off yourself or.
Nope. So we would.
We would take an e-mail from credit
control and we wouldn't question that
OK.
some, though,
everything's been all agreed already.
And then what do you do on your side?
So what's?
We'd send instruction to.
Thomas,
do you have like an amount where you
could say I don't care, just write off?
Sure.
I'm sure there is a threshold trying to
find it now.
If the decisions are if it's a small
amount and even one of the seniors or
myself,
or one of the seniors in Australia would
just say look, don't worry,
just get rid of it,
it gets written off to an FXGL.
I'm guessing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But.
I would always recommend to my team to
look at both the value and the amount
like the proportion of the underpayment
versus what we've received.
We've received 600,
000 Australian dollars and the write off
is the unders is like 500 Australian
dollars.
Then that's worth you know,
that's worth writing off to FX,
in my opinion. If it's an invoice of $10,
000 and the under is 500 or 600,
then I'd probably be questioning what's
that threshold.
Yeah, definitely like someone.
Some amounts are no brainers,
but then some.
I would always assess based off. Yeah,
that percentage of what the overall
amount we received was.
Yeah,
we we did a check as well because we have
we we can get asked to for example we
receive 1000 lbs in an invoices 1100 lbs.
Sometimes we've been asked to write the
100 off as an FX, but when we review it,
we say we've been paid in pounds and.
The bill was in pound,
so this isn't an actual FX.
It's a short pay because again,
I have a credit receipts in the UK will
show as if funds have been converted from
another currency.
So it's easy to identify if it's actually
an FX or not. So yeah,
we would always have a a quick look over
it, but.
If it was a genuine FX,
we wouldn't question any values.
Do Martin do you also have a small
balance write off with like?
Yeah.
Yeah like 1 LB difference or something.
Yeah, we we'll do it up to.
I think it's 20. We do it for.
Yeah, we'll probably be the same. OK, so,
so for this,
I guess the process is pretty similar.
I there's an FX,
specifically an FX difference under.
Decision is made whether we're going to
write off FX.
L you're going to go out to a partner?
Fine and say you've underpaid what we do
might give us advice,
or the client might say sorry. Everyone.
Currency. I'll pay you the right currency,
whatever it may.
OK, so apart from the 100,000,
which was probably due to a sleepless,
sleepless night, I was, yeah,
I'm sure that that was, yeah, no,
ignore the 100,000.
That's a sleepless night. So yeah,
FXGL process for the most part is correct.
We just need to understand the thresholds.
But ultimately,
it's a simple process and it's worth
accounting for in the system.
Oz and the UK seems like it's the same
safe to say.
Might be different,
but I think we we can account for
thresholds the same, yeah.
It doesn't have to be now,
but after the meeting,
if you ping me across the threshold so we
can document them.
Same with the Australia side,
just so we can then start rooting and
creating those workflows.
Once we do get to the solution,
that'll be quite helpful finishes the
process is with cashier again,
do we notify any individual teams on
completion,
do we go back to the client or partner?
Or anyone just saying it's done?
Or is it a discussion has had it does get
done.
Should be discussions had already.
If it's a pretty controller,
made a decision on their own and that's
fine. No one needs to be notified,
they'll just tell issues they've gone to
the partner and the partner said, yeah,
that's OK. Then again, that'll be,
I think that's fine.
So I don't think there's a.
That's it.
There's any need to send that out, but.
Evidence sounds like the same.
Do we need to post any approval of the
partner or client construction enclosure
or?
Pressure.
If it's more child that the partners.
That is more than the threshold is worth
having that evidence of approval.
You do that, Martin.
OK.
Maybe just take the credit control e-mail.
So we wouldn't be seeking any other
approvals.
That's.
So that's your evidence.
Once you've got that credit card e-mail,
Yeah, yeah.
you take that as you. Yeah. Got you. Yeah,
we can do the same. Like,
I'd assume that the credit control would
have got. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool.
So do we want evidence,
or do we want the approval made by the
credit controller to be the approval
system? The assumption that's.
Yeah, OK. I'm.
I'm just thinking more from ServiceNow
perspective,
if you're trying to pull out that data in
the future and then you just have a
decision made by credit controller,
is that enough?
Yeah,
the approval will need to be on the
credit control process, absolutely,
because we need to capture the evidence
of that conversation.
Just attach the something, yeah.
Yeah. And then Slas,
are we defining the same as we just
wanted 2448 hours turn around?
OK,
objections correct do 12 hours if you
want. If you want to be efficient. No,
no takers, OK.
Yeah.
And get something that we don't
necessarily manage just now SL ES or OL
ES.
So it's something that we will pay more
attention to and we're putting them into
the system.
But just now trying to guess them,
we just don't measure it.
So we don't know. Yeah, it sounds right.
Sounds like a good number.
Same page as me as proceeding is just ASA.
You need to be on the mic. Oh, sorry.
Martin,
do you think receding just needs to be
ASAP? Anything to do with it?
Yeah,
we we will always clear the same day if
we can, not if we can,
but if it goes to credit control,
credit control comes back because it's
it's done straight away kind of thing
unless it was to come very last minute in
a day,
but it'd be picked up first thing next
morning. So yeah.
That's our SLA right now.
So there's sort of just to go off maybe
tangent here.
This is one example of when we might have
a balance that is standing on an invoice
that has to be cleared without any more
money coming in.
But there is other examples of and I
don't know if they'll be captured.
It was fairly,
it could be bank charges have been
deducted over folding tax but.
They all kind of follow the same the same
process as as this I don't know.
That's something to consider here as well
of those other slides to cover them off.
Yeah.
They weren't included on the in the
credit control slide, so I'll check.
They're probably the same.
I'm assuming bank charges.
You don't consult credit control at all,
so I'm assuming that's 60.
Yeah.
So we we would always clear bank charges
down,
but there's one just slipped through the
net and credit the control will reach out
to us and say like this 7 LB or 10 LB
outstanding going to going to clear it
down.
So we've been the exact same as this
right off one we would we would just
stand action that.
And then withholding tax and voices,
we tend to not know about it,
and it has to be credit controlled.
It comes out to us and says, like,
there's X amount of withholding tax and
it's to be cleared down again,
same as as this example,
we would just think go and do it.
The only difference being is there's more
than one withholding tax general Ledger
code,
so there would have to be somewhere where
even if it was just a open text box for
credit control could say this is a
specific withholding tax code to be used.
And just a few minutes ago.
We can have if there is multiple
processes that follow the same kind of
structure as this,
we can't have drop downs for stuff like
withholding tax or any other stuff.
I don't know any other examples,
but have it on the same ticket but have
it as a separate drop down and route it
potentially to a different reporting code
or.
Yeah, something along.
Just wonder if there's or if it's just a
Yeah.
query into cashiering.
So when credit control need to raise it,
they raise it as a query under the
general query for cashiering,
Yeah.
and then the system recognises based on
keywords.
What it is that's coming in so it
categorises on cashier inside,
Nice.
it's a few and far between rather than
attaching it to a workflow that isn't
Yeah.
about what it's about.
I would say it's that's not something we
need to think too much about.
It's just a very simple request. So yeah,
if that could be a quick way of doing it
Yeah.
then I don't think anybody would have any
issues with that.
I found the it's 100 it's less than 100
lbs.
Yes, it's not 100,000, it's 100.
It's 100.
00 in the probably meant to stop and
ended up clicking the K it's all right,
making sure everyone's paying attention.
Good job then that purpose.
Just a small difference.
Didn't you just to test this exactly?
No one's asleep.
Sleep, yet? So clearly we're doing well.
OK, cool. So that's fine.
Yeah.
I'm happy with the flow for the most part,
that's clear.
Cool. I think we're good for that.
So let's move on.
Is everyone happy with the write off and
yeah, cool. Another data capture section.
So do request type region entity doesn't
sound like we need it,
so I'm going to remove.
Entity submitted by we need.
And is the assumption that all of these
fields and form captures are going to
have a behalf on behalf of a standard? OK,
so I'm I'm not going to include that,
but when I send out the summary
afterwards,
that will be included variance,
amount I'm assuming is mandatory. Cool.
Yeah,
you kind of need to know the total amount.
So currency and variance with discrepancy
or what balance balance, yeah,
that's over balance or something.
So total amount is a good one.
I didn't include that X.
Do we just put FX difference?
Total amount and sort of varying amount.
It's FX different, yeah,
because that's what they're writing on.
Difference also I've got FX difference
currency,
total amount we want bank posting
reference.
I'll explain most different stuff.
Invoice number.
Yes. Yeah.
Reason we said,
just leave as a open text field option or
if there's more context needed.
This request type would be FX different
so.
Oh, OK.
Again, this is just another one,
so when it does come in, yeah,
make the approval easier kind of
justifies it a little bit,
but it's not mandatory.
It's a it's a nice to have.
Do they need to give justification just
now? Oh, it's just FX is FX. Yeah,
I think we just one of those things, yeah.
Yeah, yeah,
initial comments might be good because
you might want to write down why it's an
FX difference.
So client has paid Japanese yen into AUS
dollar account or something that I see at
least identify repeat vendors.
Cool. Yeah,
I've I've changed that to additional
comments.
So we'll use that going forward and any
attachment evidence items.
Discussions had.
Get the violence.
Just get an e-mail to say. Yeah. Yeah.
So do I need anything or approval e-mail
or discussion e-mail? Look,
you you might get approval e-mail I guess
attached.
So you attach functionality but that
means I think we said the early we would
leave it as optional for everything
probably.
OK. I'll just assume,
would we want that for everything
optional?
I think that's a fair thing to do,
isn't it when you're doing forms that
it's an optional attachment,
Yeah.
if it's needed optional across all,
I'll make a note of that.
And.
Got client matter on here,
but I don't think that's needed in this
scenario. Is it?
We have the invoice number and we have
everything else.
Yeah.
We could to exclude climate matter.
Yeah, we happy to.
Yeah, because we,
we we would always do the search from the
invoice number,
so that wouldn't be needed.
OK, I think place the.
Wrong invoice number or you know there's
a typo.
There's having the matter or the client
there.
Just give a little bit of extra useful
info, but if the invoice number was wrong,
you'd have to go and check it anyway,
because.
She needs to know what invoice does to
know the amount to know whether it's a
rare instantly write off or not.
Yeah,
I think I think if someone put in the
wrong invoice number and they're putting
the variance amount and somehow that
wrong invoice number also had this the
the same variance amount,
then it'd be very, very,
very coincidental. I don't see that.
You've got enough inference Finder for,
yeah.
Happening video film.
But.
We did quite good for time,
so we've got through the bulk of the
processes.
There's a few consideration and
cashiering nuances now that we'll take
away and we'll come back and we'll see
what the best possible solutions are.
But are we happy that we've collected the
bulk of credit control processes at this
stage or is there anything we want to?
Highlights.
Funds that we have.
Just look at. Yes, OK. I would like,
is there anything else outside of that
now that we've talked documented here
that are the actual credit control
process, for example,
the tracing of clients and stuff,
stuff that we, we knew that assumed that,
yeah,
could we not have got the integrations
but at some point?
Should think about it.
I've read the service now credit control
stuff and he said it could be told me as
well. I OK,
so I think that's fair and I think we
probably do need to have those
conversations. It's probably no.
Priority though,
and I mean like from an ask perspective,
we do want to have those conversations,
but it's maybe for you guys to think
about when's the right time that we do
that based on all the other priorities
that we have. So we're there's a,
there would be a certain point where we
start to look at phase two items and.
There's a whole Rd mapping that we need
to think about in the backlog of of
different use cases.
That's definitely a point which we need
to kind of start to have those
conversations.
It's probably close to the January though
that we're going to start to do that.
There was a plans week in which we start
to talk through those.
So that's perfect time for us to go
through that and.
We'll have a similar session just to
understand your processes and what do
they look like today. How do they operate?
And then how do we potentially look at
things like use cases for service now as
well so we can go through that,
but we'll take a note just to make sure
that we've got the the set next set of
use cases of us to think about as well.
This also links that we're talking about
before with this three. Don't know.
Like what we're going to end up with in
the credit control space because we have
a very customised credit control,
which limits us in some respects,
but also benefits enough because we've
got a lot of full customizations that do
stuff.
I don't know where we're going to end up
or we could end up with something that's
rubbish and use anything else,
or we could end up with something that's
just super duper,
in which case we might want to use it.
I just don't know where we're going to
end up,
so I just want to factor that into the
definitely. Yeah, yeah.
Absolutely, yeah as well, yeah.
So we've got Alex there March next year,
March next year finished.
Is it finished March next year or is it
Alex three, no.
What was the first?
What was what was being done in March
next year? I can't remember.
I'll just do anything.
So they're not when they finish all the
production changes just now,
which is in their backlog so that they
can upgrade UAT to 3.1,
which we'll take until last next year.
And then once they've done all the tests
and the new AAT etcetera,
they can sign off and move that into
production.
But I think the key thing he does,
that it goes back to the chat we had
earlier,
which is the sooner we get Lena stuff
site the stuff that you want to have a
conversation about,
we don't want to wait until all there's a
new version of 3.1,
we're going to front load that stuff.
We'll we'll have to know that
conversation.
Because they're not going to take out the
customization of that,
what's going to come? Oh,
this is the thing, yes.
Yeah, I mean, if that's,
if they're going to stop testing in unity
in March, have to assume that by.
Like December,
they know what they're actually gonna
take out, what they don't.
Otherwise we are in. Oh, yes,
I would hope. Anyway, that's a yeah,
absolutely.
And I'm not gonna stand here and speak
for them.
What I'm gonna do is take a question,
but there is that whole point of I would
quite like to have a conversation with
him.
And I'd quite like to get the stuff from
your side as well.
And then sort of do that, you know,
meshing them together because to,
you know,
the point one thing we are going to try
and do is surface what future phases look
like and obviously that will then follow
into a well.
You can't get all of that stuff that you
might want to do in phase two,
which ones are the priorities?
So if for example,
you've now got a gap in the three
capabilities,
we'd want to potentially shoot that up
the queue.
But you only know about it if it's
written down and on a log and goes into
the steel Co and all the rest of it.
I.
No, no,
it's it's still fine because the chances
of squeezing that in for September is
probably 0 anyway. So you know,
I think we just, yeah,
you know everybody in the room knows that
some of the stuff we're chatting about
now is not going to make the September
time frame. It might make a phase one.
So yeah, January's fine.
Well, one other process,
and this was Lynn's mic drop earlier,
was the debtor whip certification.
It's a process that sits outside ask,
but I get involved in the debt side of it.
So Steve as well.
That side of it,
it's something that potentially will come
in to ask at some point. Just again,
I'm flagging it just for future reference,
just if we discuss it now.
But they spoke with it like they've
gotten the basics of just something to
again to note for the record,
who owns it just now.
Debatable part Australia finance managers
part so Nick Lewis and then part Rachel
McLean and David Curry. OK,
so I think that's acrb Isabella.
That's a change request that we're going
to need to explore,
so we'll need to start scoping that.
That was the date certification process,
web certification date and web
certification.
So if you can just take a note of that
and take it back to the team. Sorry,
do you mind repeating that?
So the date and WEP certification process
is one that we talked about this morning
when Lynn was in.
So it sits outside of us just now,
but there's an argument that it could
come in to ask and sit in credit control.
Can you just note that and make sure it
goes through change review and we'll
start doing the scoping? Thanks.
Umm.
Not sucking throne.
I can't think of anything.
I think the key thing is just is there
anything else that's between our teams?
From your perspective,
receive requests from credit control
receive requests from the business in
general,
but they are generally random questions
ad hoc.
So would you want a credit control
general inquiry type form on the portal?
To be specific to client,
region collector and whatnot,
sort of generic portal. What?
Because it would you would then need to
signpost that to the relevant person. OK,
so if people are sending those requests
and just now are they sending them to
individuals or are they sending them,
we are 999%.
Visual mailbox as opposed to shared
mailboxes,
so that's probably a wider question I
would put to you as around why are they
going through.
I know why they go through personal
mailboxes, right?
But bearing the mind for functionality we
can have in service now is there a way
that we can start to think about how we
move that from personal mailbox?
Boxes to a shared service mailbox so that
we can start tracking that sort of stuff.
The problem is that the relationship
between the client sorry,
the partner and the controller and also
the client is specific to individuals.
You would not want it to be a generic
service, you want it to be a tailor.
One to one relationship because that's
how you get your money out.
Operate so yes,
there is potential that you could put it
into a A.
Larger, wider thing,
but you'd need to be very your e-mail
going out to someone has to be from that
individual.
Your e-mail coming back has to be that it
hasn't personalised.
If they said you don't box it,
you lose all your relationships,
so that's maybe a wider question to
consider.
How you could ServiceNow help us with
that because I totally agree,
it still needs to stay as a personalised
service,
but if we automate allocation we can
automate allocation on client.
So who looks after particular clients,
which means we can get it in to ourselves.
And get it to the right person,
and when they're corresponding,
they can correspond that way.
But I don't know how we do that if
they're emailing personal people's e-mail
addresses rather than a shared service,
so it's maybe just a question mark to
think about.
We might not be able to write,
or it might be too cumbersome,
or we might need.
Change the relationship, but assignments.
It's not necessarily a one to one
relationship,
so Stephen deals with partner 123.
However, if it is client XY or Z,
it goes to this.
So there are conflicting assignments.
So just you have to have a hierarchy
based on.
Umm.
Client a matter client partner and I
think as long as there's a matrix for
that, the system's capable of doing that,
it's definitely capable of doing it. Yeah,
it's definitely capable of doing it.
It is custom because ServiceNow doesn't
account for the kind of client matter and
partner hierarchy. But.
It definitely can be done.
We can take you as an action to review it.
The other thing I was also going to say
is there's a need to maintain that as
well. So as you bring on new clients,
new masses or XP ages, yeah,
it's a nightmare of thousands and
thousands of lines.
Data to make sure that you're not
confident.
System has to tell you if you put
something in it conflicts with other.
Yeah, yeah, it's it's we'll take away.
We can have a look at that. Yeah.
Yeah. And Julian also differs.
I don't think the size of the teams are.
Big are they?
This is also a change.
Sorry,
I was about to say apologise if I
Compose.
interrupt someone I was about to say.
It's also it's it's a massive change
effort as well because I'm sure client
partners have a way to deal with the
clients as you're saying in their own way.
So moving them into a centralised
platform might need a lot of what do you
say?
Just just a business case for them to
actually move out of their personal
emails onto a centralised platform,
so it's much more than a technical
question I think.
Yeah,
I think there's quite a lot to consider
in it.
I think it's just something that we
should ask the question around and if
it's massive customization,
then that's even a wider question, right.
And we might not even be able to do that.
But I think from a perspective of.
How we manage all the stuff from an ask
perspective and how people request things
through us from ask,
it's worth asking the question,
but I don't know what level of
customization would be involved. Etcetera.
Yeah, I was. I was just just saying,
I mean,
I don't think the size of the teams.
Are big enough to condone that effort to
to make the.
To make the assignments automatic,
I think what you say there's eight of you.
Did I hear earlier? 8 of you?
I said Glasgow. Yeah,
we've got another seven in Glasgow,
plus another.
It's about 2530 globally, roughly.
Right. OK. Yeah. Yeah. OK. OK.
No. Again, I think it's one of those.
We captured it.
It goes up for assessment and approval.
The customization mod is always going to
raise a red flag.
But does it mean long term is there
another place it can go? You know,
for example,
you've just said if you're having to
maintain it in VE and it's a pain in the
arms.
Do you can you move it to can you know,
can you do easier, simpler,
NCE and then it flushes through to
service now and it can edit it.
But all of that stuff is, you know,
further down the road and. Yeah,
but again,
we absolutely want to know about it.
Yeah. Yeah, we definitely don't want the.
Oh, we should've mentioned this.
Got the shopping list. Now,
I think everybody else will say should be
on site.
I just want to ask for the certification
process.
Do you have like a deadline you'd want to
spy to help you with the whole process or
just, you know, thinking about, you know,
for the CRB and how to plan for it?
If it matters,
or how closely related is it from a
change perspective to the other ones,
we're going to put on service now.
I'm just thinking if we're having a
change.
OK,
so there probably isn't a deadline then.
OK, be like this, but yeah, it's done. OK,
six months. It's done every six months.
So regular. OK,
I think it would be advantageous to be
able to bucket into this purely from the
change perspective because we'll be
having those change conversations anyway.
But it's got a real this one's got
particularly business win because there
are a lot of, yeah.
Yeah,
this is one of the reasons I'd like to
bring it into Oscars. We control it,
control it. Yeah. We save so much time,
guys, but it's probably work. Yeah. Yeah.
OK.
The finance manager in Australia would
not have an issue either.
With any changes to the process, yeah.
Or even in any kind of automation that
would make her life easier.
And her teen's life,
she would have no problem with it,
you know, so that is a win.
Definitely UK finance team.
I just agree with.
And I've also said it before. Look,
that's.
OK.
Leave that with you, Jill.
So I've made a note of the credit control
general inquiries.
I think you've taken away as parking lot
item. So we'll pick that up afterwards.
But I understand the emphasis is that
personalization,
otherwise you're not getting your
business or your clients, so that, yeah.
We'll account for that.
Some of these I'm just going to ignore
the finance OPS trust.
I thought there might be a segregation,
but I'll update this afterwards based on
our discussions,
but I want to get in as much as possible.
That's useful to us.
So this is just summary.
I'm going to breeze past trust processes.
I think we've gotten into and discussed
kind of logic.
Some of it's with potentially cash
sharing processes as well.
So it's just understanding where those
end to end points are and what nuances we
want, which we'll take away after this.
And by the way,
if anyone has any questions on these
slides, feel free to jump in.
I'm just trying to get through as much as
possible without overrunning,
so this is the thresholds I was
discussing earlier that we have slides
for them.
I'm aware it's probably difficult to get
this information right now,
so after this session.
And I can ping out what I need from you
guys.
But ultimately if we have thresholds for
refunds, write offs and payment terms,
and potentially even for the FX variances,
be good to know.
So then we can put it into our workflows
and then route it to the correct decision
makers, yeah.
Hopefully everyone's good on the
threshold side of things. Yeah,
I won't spend too much time on that again,
this is just kind of an open discussion,
but I think we've gotten into enough debt,
debt, enough detail, threshold, something.
Or useless.
I've sat on the Internet somewhere and
I'd get heads come by going to there.
Going to be doing this change because
it's probably good opportunity to make.
So do you mean that people aren't clear
on their,
like roles and responsibilities when it
comes to thresholds? So what?
Some people don't know. First of all,
who could?
Quite a business there also some of the
approvals don't know what they.
We should be. So how do you manage that?
How do you manage that currently?
Oh, OK. It's something we should.
It's a very simple thing to communicate
out. This is the this is the rules.
This is the amounts. There you go.
So it is on the intranet somewhere.
I think we can maybe do something around
that from the knowledge perspective as
well.
Link to that Internet page and then the
discussion is probably just about where
we allow them to go in and find that or
we push it to them in certain situations
if that's necessary.
But if we're going to build matrices and
on thresholds.
I'm not sure. I don't know,
just something to something else, right?
Also to caveat,
you don't necessarily need the thresholds
in there,
it just makes the automation and workflow
more efficient.
But if you get a lot of pushback,
we'll accommodate. Of course,
why is this coming to me? Yeah,
I get why you studying to me proposed
solution. I've gone through high level.
I don't want to spend too much time on
this, but is everyone kind of?
On boards with this is the right
direction, form ticketing,
routing and then decision making within
the system. Yeah, I think there's,
I think I am the one bit I'm not,
I'm a bit uncertain about.
I think I'm still convincing is the.
Just the general allocation.
That we are making it too complicated.
I think the rest of it,
I'm OK with the general allocation.
Here's your 10 items.
How do I do it that bit?
I'm a bit concerned that we're actually
making it longer.
I just want once we have,
but I think I think once I maybe have
read it more.
And so I was gonna say once we have our
follow-ups this this isn't the final list.
Like we said,
if it's adding more admin we exclude it.
But we have a few cases like the bad debt
write off. It's a easy case to throw in.
So not an issue if you don't want to
include it, yeah.
Yeah, yeah,
I think it's just a question mark.
And we just need to understand a little
bit more about how it happens currently
so that we can see how exactly. Yeah,
yeah, yeah. Absolutely not against it.
Just want to make sure that is worth
doing something cool.
I'll breeze through this, the states.
I don't know if that's worth discussing
now.
This was just a high level what I'm
suggesting. But again,
once we have a bit more information on
allocations and where we're going,
we can then use the drive.
But at a high level,
we want relatively standardised states
across the different aspects and that
makes reporting and dashboards and also.
Like into team processes or cross
departmental processes,
a lot easier to follow and see where
everything's at. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm just gonna go back to what I always
say when I see the world's automated
approvals and workflows and everything
else we need to trust the data that's in
place. Yeah, before we would turn that on.
Simply because of the fact that if we're
using GDHGDHVGD and you know all that
other good stuff and it has again gone
back to sensitivity and all the rest of
it,
but it's great to say that we could do
that. But the question will be,
should we do that based on the?
The gap,
the knowledge gaps and the gaps that we
have.
Yeah.
I was just going to say on this part,
I think the actual states that we need
will probably be determined once we do
that into NPS because they'll need to be
shareable. Yeah. Is that the right way?
There's going to have to be a global
standard across finance,
but there's going to be.
Maybe certain nuances for certain
processes,
maybe also particularly in kind of credit
controls.
Whether or whip that are specific.
So we just need to have global standard.
But there's an offshoot for certain
pieces.
I agree.
So I'm just going to go past this.
I don't think form decision making.
This was just our high level,
but I don't think that's relevant at the
moment. So I'm going to skip past this.
This is just.
An idea of what dashboards we could
potentially start putting in place with
the different teams.
Because ServiceNow is quite flexible,
you have a lot of kind of configurability
when it comes to different dashboards and
what you want to view.
So this is just my high level view of
what could be beneficial but.
You could have more. You could have less.
You could have more nuance specifically
for Australia if you wanted or if you
wanted a more overarching view,
you could have. Where is it, general,
anything awaiting for approval?
Anything that's missing information or
you could go down into specifics like
ageing or by threshold.
Or if it's missing specific references,
we said a lot of them don't need evidence,
so that might not be necessary,
but we can identify fields,
create dashboards around those fields,
and then configure it based on the team.
So if you're not restricted something,
we need to be careful of.
This is just a probably a more general
point.
To make this is user friendly.
Umm.
So OK.
Questions and.
Stop the Yup.
They tend to lack common sense with you,
so you actually need to put it.
Make it really simple for them to access
any request. And I mean,
if something's like cashiering and you
put it in control, they won't find it.
They'll just.
That's just something to think about.
Really. It's a it's a really good point.
Users who are maybe not understand how
processes work or what team sits with
what they need,
like kind of a a dummies guide.
If you're used to someone else doing a
lot of this stuff for the put themselves,
I think it's a it's a wider enterprise
question for the whole project.
Team because ultimately the portal should
not be department driven.
The portal is about your service and what
is it.
So if you imagine the actual front door
portal will be something along the lines
of I need to ask you for something.
I've got a problem with something and I
need some information type things and
then it will drill down under that within
what we're saying 3 clicks that we want
to get to certain things,
so we shouldn't really be in a position
where somebody as a requester is having
to decide is that credit control or is
that cashier than it shouldn't even be
like that.
So it's one of the way.
There are things that the projects are
tasked with in terms of how we make it
really easy. And within that three clicks,
it's like a design principle that's been
set up for the project.
So we will have a follow up session to
get into more detail for this kind of
stuff,
but it's just to start the conversation
and if you have ideas,
you'll come back to us and.
Yeah, but but I agree, simple is better.
Yeah.
Yeah, every single one. Yeah.
Kind of want to pick your pick your
problem. Lawyers from around the world,
them and say how what do you need to work
it out? Test this for us.
Just let us know.
Make sure you be just special.
This is just a reference for the
different types of Slas,
Olas and underpinning contracts.
Just good to know for when you do start
structuring it.
We don't have anything at the moment from
the sound of things,
but when you do get to that point,
these are good concepts to kind of use it
to drive those metrics.
And that's another thing that we'll
probably support on from an ask
perspective around how we work through
that and then come out and get the detail
from each team.
Can I ask why would we have a difference
between an Ola and an SLA?
So particularly from the Ola perspectives,
typically more for the internal
measurement.
So if I'm handing off a particular
process to say it's coming from
cashiering into credit control,
for example,
there's an agreement between you that I
will respond within a certain amount of
time to fulfil a particular service.
With the SLA that's with the business
there. So for the business,
they just see it as I hand it off,
it goes and says black hole,
it should be fulfilled by whichever how
amend the number of teams and you should
be able to respond back and fulfil the
outcome within a certain amount of time
as well.
So that's the what we are agreeing with
the business in which we will fulfil that
service.
End to end fully by a certain amount of
time as well,
so we can then measure how well do we do
with the business and actually where is
it that we can improve internally within
the team.
So that's help us to differentiate.
And again,
just some suggestions and to get you
thinking about Slas and overlays and what
stuff we could have or metrics.
So first controller, credit control,
review, decision making, cash sharing,
actually actioning at the end of it and
then approval or rejection,
if you want a really simple high level
and that's exactly it, right.
It's as simple as that.
That when you look at the Ole,
I can't even speak.
I've had loads of sugar as well.
Answer what's wrong with Ole?
You might have a workflow that has four
different elements in it.
Each one of those elements might take 24
hours.
So you would technically say your SLA
would be.
Four days, right.
That's how we'll work it.
OK.
And this is a list of reports that I
thought was just worth discussing very
briefly. Like I said,
we'll have a separate session,
but especially for the change management
piece,
a lot of your partners will just one
really simple reports where everything
acts.
And these are some that we can structure.
So work in progress items waiting for
approval,
ready for posting trust refunds and
transfers in progress,
evidence missing to close refund,
timeliness and outcome summary and.
It might also cross with some of the
cashiering processes,
so you might not even need some of these
reports in here,
but ultimately what you want to get to is
simple,
concise reports that you could generate
or have specific dashboards or locations
in the system,
your partners or your cashiers,
or your credit controllers go in and they
have clear visibility of exactly what
needs to be done when it needs to be done
by.
That kind of stuff?
Not quite a business stuff.
The wider business have access to this,
so I'm a requester.
I'm a partner and I've sent my request in.
Will they be able to go in and say Oh my
request is sat with Jill Collins now or
they just not see it until it's finished
completed?
So from a post perspective,
they will have a lot of transparency in
terms of the state citizen who's sitting
with the comments that made back.
If you want to make comments that are
available for them, see like, you know,
received it we're updating or we're
contacting the bank,
we're going to have a look at the next
invoice round.
You know all these different things.
You can provide those comments back on
the portal,
so there's a one single place for this
guy as well.
I think the easiest way is you just have
a potentially not a report specifically,
but if you want your partners or ticket
races or whoever to have that visibility,
you probably just have a widget on your
main page that just shows you.
These are your tickets,
so your status is just quick simple, yeah.
Once. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool.
Chris, will these reports be new?
Said that none of these reports are
existing reports.
They will be new.
There are nuances that we probably not
specific like that, but probably.
Yes, I would say they are.
They would be mostly new.
I'm not sure we would need them all,
but something to look through.
I think what I need to see is the end to
end process bit. Yeah,
I think that's gonna help you visualise
it. Yeah.
Even talking today it was very difficult
to piece together bits and.
Yeah.
So particularly from the report
perspective,
you guys obviously aren't on sharewell at
the moment,
but joy from a wider as perspective.
There's certain reports that we take out
of sharewell on volumes etcetera,
we will replicate that in service now for
all the teams,
but they will be internal reports for us
to use as a management team.
I think the role then also be from a
finance perspective,
KPIs etcetera that are wider than ask and
that we need to perhaps feed into.
But the question will be what's the
source of truth for that information and
where should that report come from so.
I think the impact,
particularly for credit control will be
internally for ask in terms of the
reports,
the other kind of report and stuff is
something that we will need to work
through because of the safer finance.
It will be 3 reports that might feed into
it rather than our ServiceNow cases.
Sorry, this is really nitpicky for sure.
In Line 5 you've got cashiering and
finance OPS trust.
I'm going to assume that they should
actually be the same thing.
Have you got a difference between the two?
So trust,
refunds and transfers in progress?
Parent case that so might not be as
relevant.
So this is before I knew Cashiering does
the transfer,
so I thought maybe we could create a
child task.
It was additional functionality,
but you're right.
Right,
that probably can be simplified so it
doesn't need to be two separate.
I think any any anywhere that trust is
referred to. It's just cashiers. Yeah,
yeah. Make it easy for you guys.
Thank you.
Cool.
So we've got to the end of credit control.
Is everyone happy with where we're at?
Discussions take away actions.
The follow up meetings.
We're definitely gonna need to have and.
Are we going to go back to do Oz suspense?
Apologies. Yeah, I did miss that one up.
I just want.
Just because there's no point in Steven
or Martin being online for that,
I thought, like Martin,
if you're still online and you want to go,
you can.
That was suspense.
Is such a big thing he's gone.
No problem. I will leave you to it.
Thanks, Martin. Thanks, Martin. Yeah,
it's such a big piece,
Bye.
but I don't really wanna leave without
touching it.
Cool. Sorry, Chris. It's likewise.
But I don't.
Does everyone want a 5 minute break?
I'm aware it's 434.
Do you want to have a quick sugar snack
break or do you want to just blitz
through this so everyone can go?
Are you?
Everyone. What's next to keep them going?
Yeah, cool. OK, so suspense.
I'm assuming this is an
oversimplification of the programme.
It's not clear, but at a high level,
it's assuming that all of these.
Pluses to a managing office to transfer
invoice receipt entry request,
Client bank details for the refund.
All of those kick off their own processes,
so this is focusing on that initial get
it to the right person and then have that
substream if that makes sense. Yeah.
So this would become a A.
Probably a sub task of unallocated unless
we want to make it.
It's a new like a new task,
but the only way that we would trigger a
suspense account transaction would be
through.
An unallocated expense that needs a
partial allocation.
That's the only scenario. Yeah. OK.
So everything starts off as an
unallocated amount and it is either
returned to client or refunded,
receded in full, or receded partially.
And it's that partial receipt that then
needs to.
We put into suspense because we've got
partial invoice and then the rest of it
has to go somewhere,
and that's where the suspense account
comes in.
It's balance sheet item and there's no
scenario.
Apologies for the stupid question.
A client instruction specifically asking
you to put it for whatever reason. No,
never.
The instruction to put to suspense should
only ever come from credit control for
cashiers,
but the client might tell credit controls.
But in so supposing we received $1,000,
000? Yep, and they paid 2 invoices,
500 a thousand each,
and we paid 1500 a $1000 invoice and then
said the client look, it's two,
it's 400 a thousand.
What's to do with it?
And they said just keep hold of it and
we'll put it towards another bill or
something and we put it on suspense.
Then they might say keep hold of it for
now.
We need to think about what we're going
to do with it,
and we'll come back to you later and
we'll put it on suspense.
But that instruction would come from
credit control to the client client,
to the credit controller.
Credit controller would let cash is done.
Yeah. So as far as cash.
She is a concerned that instruction comes
directly from credit control. Yep,
credit control. I have that.
Pouring down from the account as well.
That's that's probably like a decision.
So with suspense,
you've got a couple of options that you
can do.
You can either refund the money back to
the client,
which man was saying that they do it from
their client monies.
We do it from office because it's much
easier to do.
And that's that refund process that we've
gone over.
We can move the money into our trust
account or client account,
which again same process that we've
looked at.
Or you can also do an allocation directly
from suspense to another invoice.
Would that be a separate process to apply
to bill, or would that be within?
That's that's apply to Bill. Yeah, yeah,
fine.
So those those 3 align with what you
expect from this process. Mm-hmm. Yeah,
definitely.
So they're the only three options that we
have.
Yes.
I think that's it. Yeah. Great.
And approvals from partner or from credit
manager or is there any approval
processes in the system?
So must is it?
Yeah, I mean credit control have.
Call I get like an interaction or
investigations to what needs to happen so
the instruction can come from a partner.
It can come from a client,
it can come from the client's AP team.
It can come from credit control
themselves to make a decision.
As far as cashiers are concerned,
the instruction comes from directly from
credit control.
They're just hearing from someone else so
much like before,
we would credit control would get the
information from the client.
Part of the PE, whatever it might be,
would attach it to the request and then
send that request on to cashiers who
would assume if it's come from us,
that's the yeah.
That's the proof,
and you've got to attach. OK,
so credit control.
So cashier generally raises it.
Credit control investigates. Yeah.
It might go to a partner.
It might not if it's a refund.
But ultimately,
cashier is expecting the credit
controller to confirm any of those.
So it's basically credit controller
cashier and that's the process. Yeah.
Probably it's not so simple, it does.
It sounds like a brief one.
It's one of the IT causes the most grief
and it's one of the things that we failed
on our audience. Yeah,
we were doing it manually and it wasn't
picked up properly. There was not enough.
Ownership.
This is where we see a real win for this,
because right now it's very easy to look
at Excel spreadsheet ignore as if you've
got something in your some of your name
going up to you saying you've got 5 in
your queue, what you're doing,
it's a lot more different.
So they're filtered by Excel.
It'll be easier to report on to senior
managers as well through ServiceNow,
which is look, Sandeep,
has visibility on it,
but we're kind of not really putting our
hands up to say this should be visible to
the business.
We're just kind of keeping it a little
bit more in house and letting.
And people who absolutely must know about
this,
so it will provide a bit more visibility,
hopefully a bit more accountability for
everyone,
because no doubt Lynn will want to look
at this too,
Sandeep and I have it on all objectives
for this year.
So I'm sure there's nothing in suspense.
Yeah.
I'll send I'll send the spreadsheet like
at today to you guys to have a look at
gross. Lovely.
So is this one of these ones that we want
to set in a separate dashboard again and
trigger regular reviews? Yes,
it works slightly differently. No,
we did touch on this.
Last week,
through the cashier's workshop in
particular,
because similar to the unallocated,
ideally would love to be able to track
suspense items in ServiceNow rather than
in a spreadsheet like this.
I really want to be able to automate.
Sandeep was really keen to automate it as
well. We know who.
What items are sitting with which which
credit controllers they can add comments
in really easily that are timestamped and
then we can reassign it back to a cashier
when something needs to happen because
basically any movement out of suspense
has to happen by a cashier.
So it doesn't matter what it is,
but I'm assuming we can.
All we can do that all from that
dashboard view.
So as long as cashier and and credit
control have access to the same dashboard
view, we can see who it's been sent by,
who it's sitting with and credit control.
And then when it hands back over. Yeah,
because.
A broader a broader finance dashboard,
which will have each of those different
departments,
and within each of those different parts,
they're probably different tabs.
And within that you'll have all those
different reports that you can look at as
well.
And then you can start to philtre them by
different things that you're starting to
capture as well.
So that's probably what we'll have to
take away and kind of start to build that
kind of end to end finance dashboard.
That doesn't stop you from like I said
with being cashiering or credit control
having your own dashboards as well.
But there probably just needs to be that
kind of end to end one.
So from a transparency and actioning
certain items like this,
it becomes so much easier as well.
Like status owner who's sat with 'cause,
I think we touched on it before where
obviously 3 E generally is our finance
source of truth,
but I want ServiceNow to be our source of
truth for suspense because until
something is.
Out allocated in onto an invoice or
transferred into trust, or paid back.
It's not.
It's not easily easy tracked because
there's so much movement going in and out
of the Ledger that right now the
spreadsheet has to be the source of truth.
Just ServiceNow needs to be your system
of action,
so it's the way that you can then start
to track that as well. Yeah,
makes the most sense. Yeah. You know,
we're talking about about the partners
access to one. You know,
one place to go to dealer place.
I would say from a user's perspective,
finance,
it would be great if we're not having to
look through.
Think critical job specifically.
You won't.
Don't you share well and probably don't
want five different tiles to look through
for something because need to make it
simple for that user.
They need one port of call to go to,
not have to go into a tab and then have
to go to another tab.
They have to go to another tab.
You've got to lose people straight away.
We're going to have to select them in the
1st place,
so we need to make it as simple as
possible for those users,
those team members to go into.
Do you mean Bruce,
that certain teams should only see what
is relevant for them? Yeah.
And ideally it it put us in a.
In one place, if you know what I mean,
I don't want to have to have 10 tabs for
finance. Then pick better control,
then go to another tab and then go pick
something else. Yeah,
it needs to be visible. You know,
I log on in the morning.
There's my screen.
There's my thing with the number one on
it. What you're working on,
so you'll have your own.
Yeah. OK. I just say, yeah,
for the particularly, if you're, you know,
one of the analysts or one of the amount
team leads when you come in,
you have a workspace.
So the workspace has all the key items
that I need. It could be group by date,
it could be big group by amount.
I'm making up,
which I've that is just one dashboard for
them to work off of.
That's different to kind of the.
Leadership executive type reporting where
it's summarising lots of information.
To be honest,
the analysts probably aren't going to go
in there that often.
It's more for the leadership and
management, but for their day-to-day,
that's their dashboard.
That's their workspace and they'll click
in,
they can drill down to specific cases
that they need to action as well.
It's one place. Yeah. Yeah,
that's the one I'm trying to get to. Yeah.
Yeah. And I suppose in this instance,
what we're probably talking about is
you'll have a collective spreadsheet
replica dashboard view.
I don't know what else to call it just
now that both credit control and cashier,
and we'll have oversight on.
But actually if those tasks and cases or
whatever are allocated to individuals,
they'll look at their own individual
dashboard and see that in there without
the rest of the noise. Yeah, cool.
Umm.
Oh, I'm happy with suspense. Accounts,
Slas, same as the rest of them,
which is going to assume 2448 hours.
Hours. Yeah, yeah. Wait, that's up to you,
Chris. I just.
Actually, no,
it actually it'll be longer from that,
but we'll let's deal with that closer
time. We'll,
I feel like we'll do question we need
answer just now because we'll
systematically work through it.
So suspense account fields. Like we said,
we're gonna have additional comments on
calls. Make a note of that.
Optional attachments.
Best type?
We don't need to reach an entity.
Do we have the suspense that's on there?
Major entertain. So you got amount.
Any client matter?
Do you have client matter? No,
it's pretty backstage,
like mostly information is in the GL.
So you got bank reference suspense
reference. So do you want the trend?
Do you want the currency or the account?
Currency don't care. Yeah,
currency amount.
Can we add in bank statement date or a
date because the date that we're posting
it to suspense is not necessarily the
date that the transaction came in and we
want generally want to report both.
OK,
so we want transaction date and bank
statement dates of request.
What's it called?
One's bank statement date? Definitely.
That's the one. Next. Well, in here.
We've got a transaction date and AGL date.
So the transaction date is when we
actually got it.
The GL is when it was posted to our
Ledger. You want to call it that then?
So it's like a replication tree by using
the terminology. Yeah, it'll work,
bank statement,
date and then I don't know, posting date.
So bank statement date and posting date
no, no transaction date. Yeah.
Again we can change these.
It's just to kind of drive from notation
and yeah.
Also, I've got additional comments,
optional attachments, request type,
no region or entity currency amount,
bank statement date, posting date.
That's right. Yeah. I think that's it.
Cool. They sure will take a number.
Yeah.
OK. Are we happy with suspense? Yeah,
it sounded much more simple this
afternoon.
They did first thing a little earlier.
Quite sure why. But anyway,
we've got the rest of the workflow.
This is. Yeah.
This is now making a bit more sense.
It's just like a similar workflow,
it's just slightly different. Yeah. Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
I think Martin's saying it's the same as
current account,
just with different account names.
That's it. That's exactly how I see it.
So years, that's how I see it.
I think it's exactly the same. Oh, yeah.
Just like an outcome of your unallocated.
Yeah.
But even still,
I think client money is easier to draw
down on in the UK than suspensive.
Just double checking.
I haven't missed anything, so yeah, recap,
we've gone through as this process is we
have some actions take from this.
We've gone through the proposed solution
seems like it's in line with what you're
expecting.
So we're going to use that as a basis and
to drive these structures and forms.
Of course, you'll have the decision.
Making at the end of this form
submissions agent workspace just the back
end, which is what I showed you. Yeah,
forms routing approvals,
approval thresholds.
You'll come back after this and what
we're going to take away from this,
we're going to go off.
We're going to document all the
discussions. We'll come back,
we'll put some follow up meetings.
And we'll continue until we're clear on
the structures and then we'll come back
with a proper proposed solution that
you'll be able to validate or come back
with comments. We're not doing whip.
Don't worry. It's the end of the day.
But.
So I'll put the next steps.
Basically what I said,
we'll do the same for credit control and
whip all the discussions we're going to
put together,
we'll have some follow up SLA and report
workshops where we can go into further
details. But like you said,
the reality is they'll probably come
after you've started using it and
understand,
but just at a high level what you'd like
to us for you to structure or plan out.
And then once we've got the proposed
solution,
the processes all the discussions,
user journeys mapped out,
we'll begin building that solution for
you guys.
And ultimately you'll have a nice shiny
solution at the end of this hopefully.
That's it. We're done.
Here. Cool. Very good. Thanks very much,
Dave. Thank you very much.
Cheers everyone on the call.
We're done for today. You're free.
Thank you. Thanks everyone. Bye.
So.